0	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
1	Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
2	Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
3	A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
4	Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
5	This u-boat does n't have a captain .
6	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
7	too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
8	There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
9	Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
10	Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
11	Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
12	A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
13	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
14	Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
15	The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
16	... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
17	Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
18	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
19	Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
20	Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
21	It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
22	Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
23	... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
24	A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
25	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
26	The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
27	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
28	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
29	Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
30	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
31	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
32	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
33	The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
34	An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
35	As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
36	While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
37	Staggeringly dreadful romance .
38	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
39	This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
40	If only it were , well , funnier .
41	A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
42	This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
43	Utter mush ... conceited pap .
44	A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
45	Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
46	It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
47	More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
48	You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
49	With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
50	For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
51	Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
52	Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
53	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
54	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
55	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
56	McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
57	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
58	With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
59	Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
60	A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
61	This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
62	Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
63	Sexy and romantic .
64	If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
65	A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
66	Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
67	It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
68	For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
69	A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
70	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
71	The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
72	The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
73	Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
74	A thriller without a lot of thrills .
75	Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
76	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
77	Unwieldy contraption .
78	Some episodes work , some do n't .
79	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
80	Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
81	It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
82	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
83	Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
84	What 's next ?
85	Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
86	Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
87	Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
88	Leigh makes these lives count .
89	Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
90	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
91	With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
92	A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
93	Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
94	Bad company .
95	The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
96	Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
97	... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
98	It 's a masterpiece .
99	A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
100	That 's fun for kids of any age .
101	Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
102	Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
103	Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
104	Bland but harmless .
105	A surprisingly funny movie .
106	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
107	It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
108	Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .
109	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
110	Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
111	Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
112	Makes one thing abundantly clear .
113	The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
114	Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
115	Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
116	Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
117	You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
118	Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
119	Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
120	The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
121	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
122	It deserves to be seen everywhere .
123	If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
124	If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
125	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
126	The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
127	Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
128	There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
129	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
130	While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
131	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
132	There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
133	Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
134	Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
135	Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
136	Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
137	Gives everyone something to shout about .
138	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
139	A three-hour cinema master class .
140	The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
141	Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
142	`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
143	A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
144	They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
145	Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
146	Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
147	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
148	The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
149	Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
150	Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
151	I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
152	The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
153	Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
154	... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
155	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
156	Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
157	The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
158	In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
159	Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
160	Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
161	Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
162	Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
163	By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
164	Psychologically revealing .
165	A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
166	For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
167	Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
168	It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
169	An impressive hybrid .
170	One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
171	` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
172	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
173	Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
174	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
175	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
176	Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
177	Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
178	Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
179	The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
180	Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
181	Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
182	We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
183	This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
184	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
185	Neatly constructed thriller .
186	The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
187	into How Long Is This Movie ?
188	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
189	I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
190	Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
191	The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
192	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
193	What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
194	Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
195	The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
196	You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
197	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
198	It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
199	And it 's a lousy one at that .
200	Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
201	If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
202	Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
203	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
204	Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
205	Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
206	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
207	Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
208	Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
209	It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
210	A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
211	Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
212	If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
213	I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
214	It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
215	Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
216	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
217	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
218	It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
219	This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
220	You will likely prefer to keep on watching .
221	Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
222	A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
223	A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
224	High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
225	Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
226	The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
227	Visually captivating .
228	And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
229	Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
230	Pompous and garbled .
231	There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
232	Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
233	At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
234	Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
235	Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
236	One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
237	But not without cheesy fun factor .
238	That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
239	Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
240	The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
241	There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
242	An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
243	A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
244	But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
245	The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
246	The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
247	For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
248	Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
249	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
250	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
251	A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .
252	Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
253	It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
254	It drowns in sap .
255	Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
256	It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
257	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
258	So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
259	Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
260	By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
261	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
262	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
263	In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
264	The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
265	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
266	We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
267	Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
268	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
269	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
270	Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
271	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
272	Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
273	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
274	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
275	Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
276	By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
277	made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
278	Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
279	plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
280	An opportunity missed .
281	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
282	New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
283	A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
284	... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
285	One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
286	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
287	Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
288	Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .
289	Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
290	A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
291	Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
292	Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
293	Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
294	While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
295	A well-put-together piece of urban satire .
296	If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .
297	Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
298	A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
299	Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
300	The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
301	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
302	Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
303	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
304	Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
305	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
306	There is greatness here .
307	It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
308	If you go , pack your knitting needles .
309	Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
310	... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
311	The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
312	Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
313	Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
314	is one of this year 's very best pictures .
315	Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
316	essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
317	It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
318	The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
319	Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
320	Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
321	Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
322	Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
323	Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
324	It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
325	A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
326	You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
327	A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
328	The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
329	This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
330	Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
331	Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
332	An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
333	The performances are an absolute joy .
334	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
335	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
336	Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
337	Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
338	That 's because relatively nothing happens .
339	Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
340	The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
341	Ferrara 's best film in years .
342	Strange and beautiful film .
343	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
344	An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
345	The script ?
346	`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
347	Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
348	... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
349	They just do n't work in concert .
350	Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
351	Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
352	Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
353	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
354	This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
355	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
356	Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
357	Originality is sorely lacking .
358	Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
359	An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
360	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .
361	Sweet and memorable film .
362	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
363	The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
364	Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
365	Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
366	The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
367	Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
368	Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
369	Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
370	Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
371	Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
372	A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
373	It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
374	This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
375	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
376	Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
377	Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
378	A classy , sprightly spin on film .
379	You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
380	They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
381	You 'll end up moved .
382	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
383	One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
384	... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
385	Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
386	The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
387	There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
388	This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
389	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
390	There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
391	This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
392	What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
393	Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
394	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
395	The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
396	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
397	The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
398	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
399	Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
400	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
401	Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
402	Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
403	It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
404	Low comedy does n't come much lower .
405	Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
406	Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
407	Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
408	`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
409	It 's just merely very bad .
410	As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
411	If only it had the story to match .
412	It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
413	The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
414	The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
415	The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
416	You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
417	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
418	I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
419	A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
420	It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
421	, `` They 're out there ! ''
422	A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
423	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
424	If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
425	Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
426	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
427	This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
428	Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
429	The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
430	Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
431	It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
432	Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
433	No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
434	It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
435	The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
436	Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
437	A gentle and engrossing character study .
438	I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
439	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
440	This is not an easy film .
441	Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
442	A good thriller .
443	This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
444	It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
445	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .
446	A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
447	The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
448	Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
449	contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
450	This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
451	Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
452	Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
453	It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
454	Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
455	While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
456	The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
457	The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
458	Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
459	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
460	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
461	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
462	When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
463	One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
464	A tour de force of modern cinema .
465	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
466	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
467	Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
468	Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
469	Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
470	A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
471	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
472	It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
473	Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
474	But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
475	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
476	It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
477	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
478	At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
479	Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
480	works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
481	This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
482	Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
483	A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
484	Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
485	A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
486	` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
487	Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
488	The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
489	Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
490	It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
491	Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
492	I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
493	A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
494	The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
495	Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
496	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
497	... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
498	The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
499	Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
500	Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
501	Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
502	As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .
503	The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
504	eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
505	It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
506	Lazy , miserable and smug .
507	The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
508	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
509	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
510	Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
511	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
512	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
513	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
514	The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
515	As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
516	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
517	Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
518	The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
519	The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
520	Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
521	The film is full of charm .
522	They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
523	It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
524	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
525	The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
526	Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
527	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
528	`` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
529	Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
530	But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
531	There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
532	Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
533	Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
534	There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
535	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
536	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
537	Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
538	It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
539	There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
540	It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
541	Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
542	Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
543	Weird .
544	Enigma lacks it .
545	Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
546	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
547	The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
548	Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
549	Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
550	Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
551	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
552	Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
553	If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
554	Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
555	It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
556	A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
557	Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
558	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
559	And for all the wrong reasons besides .
560	A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
561	With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
562	The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
563	It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
564	For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
565	A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
566	A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
567	There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
568	The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
569	The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
570	Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
571	Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
572	It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
573	` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
574	Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
575	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
576	The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
577	In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
578	wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
579	Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
580	This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
581	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
582	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
583	The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
584	Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
585	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .
586	Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
587	A tone poem of transgression .
588	Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
589	This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
590	Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
591	A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
592	Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
593	Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
594	Horrible .
595	Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
596	Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
597	Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
598	It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
599	Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
600	I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
601	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
602	You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
603	As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
604	Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
605	The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
606	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
607	Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
608	But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
609	Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
610	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
611	insightfully written , delicately performed
612	Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
613	A major waste ... generic .
614	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
615	Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
616	Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
617	Phoned-in business as usual .
618	Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
619	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
620	Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
621	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
622	Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
623	The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
624	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
625	Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
626	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
627	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
628	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
629	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
630	Painfully padded .
631	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
632	A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
633	Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
634	Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
635	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
636	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
637	You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
638	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
639	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
640	Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
641	The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
642	... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
643	A tasty masala .
644	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
645	To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
646	A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
647	Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
648	With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
649	While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
650	A compelling film .
651	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
652	Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
653	Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .
654	Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
655	For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
656	The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
657	A Movie to Forget
658	`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
659	Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
660	You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
661	entertaining enough , but nothing new
662	If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
663	I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
664	But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
665	Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
666	Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
667	Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
668	A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
669	Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
670	The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
671	Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
672	In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
673	Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
674	It 's worth taking the kids to .
675	Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
676	An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
677	After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
678	I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
679	Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
680	Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
681	... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
682	Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
683	Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
684	`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
685	Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
686	Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
687	An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
688	The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
689	This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
690	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
691	If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
692	The Master of Disguise is awful .
693	It 's all surface psychodramatics .
694	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
695	Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
696	that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
697	A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
698	Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
699	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
700	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
701	At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
702	A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
703	You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
704	There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
705	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
706	It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
707	Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
708	Sorvino is delightful in the central role .
709	An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
710	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
711	The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
712	A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
713	A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
714	A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
715	Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
716	It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
717	As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
718	But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
719	A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
720	The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
721	Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
722	If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
723	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
724	Uneven but a lot of fun .
725	A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
726	I 'm guessing the director is a magician .
727	A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
728	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
729	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
730	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
731	Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
732	Bring on the sequel .
733	Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
734	While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
735	The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
736	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
737	Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
738	It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
739	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
740	And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
741	Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
742	They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
743	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
744	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
745	The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
746	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
747	A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
748	Lightweight but appealing .
749	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
750	Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
751	It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
752	A taut , sobering film .
753	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
754	Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
755	A quiet , disquieting triumph .
756	The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
757	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
758	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
759	Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
760	... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
761	No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
762	It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
763	A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
764	This movie is to be cherished .
765	A gripping drama .
766	Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
767	A quaint , romanticized rendering .
768	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
769	What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
770	It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
771	A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
772	It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
773	A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
774	The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
775	` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
776	It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
777	Ararat feels like a book report
778	... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
779	None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
780	He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
781	It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
782	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .
783	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
784	A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
785	Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
786	He has a great cast and a great idea .
787	For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
788	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
789	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
790	Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
791	The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
792	If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
793	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
794	A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
795	As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
796	Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
797	The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
798	An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
799	The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
800	Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
801	The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
802	It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
803	Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
804	Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
805	Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
806	Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
807	The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
808	Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
809	Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
810	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
811	While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
812	The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
813	Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
814	A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
815	She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
816	A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
817	Both deserve better .
818	A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
819	Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
820	Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
821	Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
822	Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
823	The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
824	The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
825	It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
826	While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
827	This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
828	On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
829	Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
830	It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
831	With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
832	The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
833	An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
834	... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
835	Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
836	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
837	A moving and important film .
838	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
839	Too predictably , in fact .
840	That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
841	A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
842	The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
843	A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
844	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
845	Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
846	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
847	Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
848	Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
849	is a mess .
850	Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen
851	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
852	Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
853	... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
854	A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
855	There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
856	If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
857	A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
858	Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
859	Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
860	The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
861	Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
862	`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
863	It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
864	For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
865	Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
866	Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
867	Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
868	You 'll cry for your money back .
869	But it was n't .
870	As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
871	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
872	The Pool drowned me in boredom .
873	At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
874	Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
875	This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
876	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
877	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
878	A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
879	Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
880	Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
881	Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
882	This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
883	Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
884	Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
885	Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
886	Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
887	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
888	But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
889	Yet the act is still charming here .
890	Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .
891	It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
892	The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
893	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
894	It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
895	Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
896	The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
897	Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
898	The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
899	The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
900	Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
901	There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
902	A chilling movie without oppressive gore .
903	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
904	I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
905	For dance completists only .
906	This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
907	There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
908	A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
909	Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
910	In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
911	The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
912	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
913	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
914	It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
915	This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
916	From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
917	Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
918	Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
919	In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
920	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
921	One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
922	Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
923	This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
924	Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
925	Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
926	Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
927	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
928	Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
929	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
930	A true pleasure .
931	- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
932	There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
933	an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
934	A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
935	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
936	It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
937	Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
938	A lot smarter than your average Bond .
939	And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
940	In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
941	The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
942	Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
943	Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
944	Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
945	It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
946	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
947	Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
948	No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
949	No surprises .
950	A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
951	Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
952	Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
953	A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
954	Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
955	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
956	There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
957	Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
958	Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
959	In an ART FILM !
960	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
961	An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
962	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
963	Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
964	The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
965	Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
966	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
967	With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
968	An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
969	What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
970	Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
971	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
972	That 's its first sign of trouble .
973	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
974	Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
975	An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
976	Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
977	Gently humorous and touching .
978	Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
979	Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
980	A dreary movie .
981	The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
982	McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
983	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
984	It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
985	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
986	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
987	Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
988	Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
989	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
990	works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
991	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
992	Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
993	The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
994	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
995	Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
996	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
997	Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
998	MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
999	For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
1000	While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
1001	She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
1002	The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
1003	So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
1004	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
1005	The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
1006	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
1007	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
1008	Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
1009	A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
1010	Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
1011	It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
1012	But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
1013	For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
1014	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .
1015	There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
1016	It should have stayed there .
1017	Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
1018	A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
1019	It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
1020	Throw Smoochy from the train !
1021	There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
1022	It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
1023	It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
1024	Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
1025	A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
1026	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1027	It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
1028	Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
1029	... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
1030	As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
1031	Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
1032	If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
1033	There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
1034	Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
1035	A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
1036	This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
1037	Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
1038	What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
1039	It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
1040	it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
1041	There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
1042	Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
1043	I could n't recommend this film more .
1044	The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
1045	A winning and wildly fascinating work .
1046	One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
1047	One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
1048	An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
1049	This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
1050	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
1051	The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
1052	But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
1053	So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
1054	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
1055	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
1056	Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
1057	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
1058	Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
1059	Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
1060	I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1061	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
1062	Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
1063	Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
1064	Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
1065	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
1066	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
1067	While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
1068	It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1069	Do n't say you were n't warned .
1070	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
1071	By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
1072	What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
1073	Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
1074	With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
1075	To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
1076	Two-bit potboiler .
1077	Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
1078	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
1079	Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
1080	The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
1081	Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
1082	Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
1083	The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
1084	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
1085	A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
1086	An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
1087	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
1088	The film grows on you .
1089	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
1090	It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
1091	Catch it ... if you can !
1092	A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
1093	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
1094	Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
1095	I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
1096	Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
1097	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
1098	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
1099	Poetry in motion captured on film .
1100	... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
1101	300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
1102	Pipe Dream does have its charms .
1103	While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
1104	For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
1105	In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
1106	A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
1107	Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
1108	A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
1109	It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
1110	A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
1111	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
1112	Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
1113	Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
1114	Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
1115	Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
1116	Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
1117	Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
1118	Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
1119	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
1120	Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
1121	Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
1122	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
1123	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
1124	... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
1125	The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
1126	The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
1127	The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
1128	A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
1129	A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
1130	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
1131	Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
1132	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
1133	It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
1134	Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
1135	You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
1136	... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
1137	Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
1138	Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
1139	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
1140	Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
1141	With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
1142	The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
1143	Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
1144	A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
1145	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
1146	Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
1147	You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
1148	A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
1149	It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
1150	I have n't laughed that hard in years !
1151	A brutal and funny work .
1152	It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
1153	A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
1154	She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
1155	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
1156	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
1157	A conventional but heartwarming tale .
1158	It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
1159	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
1160	A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
1161	Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
1162	Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
1163	An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
1164	Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
1165	I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
1166	Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
1167	Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
1168	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
1169	The formula is familiar but enjoyable .
1170	Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
1171	In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
1172	... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
1173	There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
1174	Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
1175	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
1176	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
1177	A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
1178	Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
1179	It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
1180	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
1181	But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
1182	Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
1183	No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
1184	By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
1185	` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
1186	Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
1187	Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
1188	Wishy-washy .
1189	A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
1190	Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
1191	Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
1192	It 's a scorcher .
1193	No thanks .
1194	It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
1195	Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
1196	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
1197	There 's already been too many of these films ...
1198	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
1199	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
1200	Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
1201	The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
1202	Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
1203	Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
1204	The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
1205	Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
1206	The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
1207	This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
1208	You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
1209	... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
1210	No , even that 's too committed .
1211	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
1212	The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
1213	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
1214	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
1215	Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
1216	Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
1217	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
1218	Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
1219	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
1220	Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
1221	And yet , it still works .
1222	Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
1223	The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
1224	Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
1225	Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
1226	Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
1227	White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
1228	He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
1229	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
1230	If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
1231	It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
1232	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
1233	Enough said , except : Film overboard !
1234	Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
1235	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
1236	Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
1237	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
1238	I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
1239	A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
1240	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
1241	The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
1242	I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
1243	A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
1244	Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
1245	Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
1246	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
1247	Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
1248	Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
1249	The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
1250	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
1251	This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
1252	Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
1253	Hardly a film that comes along every day .
1254	Nothing about them is attractive .
1255	You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
1256	There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
1257	Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
1258	I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
1259	Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
1260	... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
1261	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
1262	Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
1263	Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
1264	At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
1265	Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
1266	The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
1267	Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
1268	It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
1269	Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
1270	A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
1271	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
1272	The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
1273	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
1274	The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
1275	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
1276	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
1277	With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
1278	The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
1279	Opera on film is never satisfactory .
1280	A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
1281	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
1282	If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
1283	Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
1284	`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
1285	The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
1286	You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
1287	None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
1288	The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
1289	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
1290	Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
1291	Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
1292	A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
1293	Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
1294	Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
1295	Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
1296	It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
1297	George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
1298	Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
1299	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
1300	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
1301	Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
1302	Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
1303	The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
1304	Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
1305	Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
1306	In fact , even better .
1307	Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
1308	But it would be better to wait for the video .
1309	A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
1310	A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
1311	Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
1312	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
1313	Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
1314	Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
1315	Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
1316	The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
1317	But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
1318	- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
1319	The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
1320	Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
1321	It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
1322	Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
1323	Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
1324	Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
1325	... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
1326	Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
1327	Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
1328	Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
1329	It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
1330	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
1331	A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
1332	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
1333	The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
1334	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
1335	This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
1336	From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
1337	Aggravating and tedious .
1338	The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
1339	Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
1340	Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
1341	Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
1342	But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
1343	more precious than perspicacious
1344	Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
1345	For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
1346	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
1347	The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
1348	Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
1349	Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
1350	Exciting and well-paced .
1351	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
1352	The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
1353	And for many of us , that 's good enough .
1354	With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
1355	Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
1356	The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
1357	Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
1358	This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
1359	A film that loses sight of its own story .
1360	Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
1361	Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
1362	Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
1363	Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
1364	A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
1365	A beautifully observed character piece .
1366	A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
1367	Bring tissues .
1368	Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
1369	He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
1370	Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
1371	It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
1372	Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
1373	The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
1374	A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
1375	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
1376	Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
1377	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
1378	It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
1379	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
1380	Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
1381	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
1382	Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
1383	Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
1384	It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
1385	But no. .
1386	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
1387	Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1388	The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
1389	Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
1390	What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
1391	Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
1392	A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
1393	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
1394	What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
1395	The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
1396	This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
1397	As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
1398	Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
1399	A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
1400	Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
1401	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
1402	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
1403	One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
1404	The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
1405	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
1406	One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
1407	While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
1408	The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
1409	It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
1410	As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
1411	Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
1412	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
1413	The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
1414	Not once does it come close to being exciting .
1415	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
1416	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
1417	So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
1418	Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
1419	Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
1420	Quietly engaging .
1421	Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
1422	Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
1423	The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
1424	Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
1425	Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
1426	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
1427	Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
1428	A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
1429	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
1430	If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
1431	A well-crafted letdown .
1432	`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
1433	Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
1434	As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
1435	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
1436	Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
1437	The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
1438	Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
1439	The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
1440	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
1441	Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
1442	Every note rings false .
1443	It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
1444	Except it 's much , much better .
1445	This is a superior horror flick .
1446	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
1447	The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
1448	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
1449	It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
1450	More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .
1451	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
1452	A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
1453	The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
1454	Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
1455	If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
1456	Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
1457	One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
1458	The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
1459	Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
1460	Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
1461	A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
1462	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
1463	There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
1464	Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
1465	How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
1466	... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
1467	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
1468	A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
1469	The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
1470	When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
1471	The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
1472	Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
1473	Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
1474	All mood and no movie .
1475	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
1476	It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
1477	It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
1478	Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
1479	A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
1480	A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
1481	Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
1482	... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
1483	The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
1484	A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
1485	After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
1486	Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
1487	Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
1488	`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
1489	Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
1490	The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
1491	Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
1492	One of the worst movies of the year .
1493	After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
1494	Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
1495	Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
1496	The film has several strong performances .
1497	Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
1498	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
1499	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
1500	Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
1501	What results is the best performance from either in years .
1502	A listless and desultory affair .
1503	You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
1504	... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
1505	A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
1506	Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
1507	Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
1508	Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
1509	It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
1510	Another Best of the Year selection .
1511	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
1512	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
1513	Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
1514	Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
1515	At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
1516	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
1517	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
1518	If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
1519	A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
1520	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
1521	As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
1522	A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
1523	Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
1524	Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
1525	A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
1526	Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
1527	Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
1528	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
1529	Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
1530	The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
1531	In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
1532	Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
1533	Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
1534	Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
1535	The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
1536	It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
1537	If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
1538	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
1539	As pedestrian as they come .
1540	A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
1541	Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
1542	Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
1543	... a confusing drudgery .
1544	With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
1545	delightfully rendered
1546	A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .
1547	I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
1548	Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
1549	Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
1550	Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
1551	Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
1552	Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
1553	It 's drab .
1554	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
1555	If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
1556	An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
1557	Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
1558	By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
1559	The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
1560	It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
1561	Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
1562	Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
1563	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
1564	... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
1565	Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
1566	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
1567	If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
1568	A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
1569	Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
1570	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
1571	Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
1572	The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
1573	It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
1574	So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
1575	There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
1576	A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
1577	An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
1578	An awful snooze .
1579	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
1580	With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
1581	I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
1582	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
1583	Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
1584	Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
1585	A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
1586	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
1587	Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
1588	This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
1589	The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
1590	I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
1591	Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
1592	Big mistake .
1593	Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
1594	Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
1595	Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
1596	As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
1597	... a pretentious mess ...
1598	Odd and weird .
1599	A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
1600	Execrable .
1601	The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
1602	An empty , purposeless exercise .
1603	Often hilarious .
1604	Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
1605	Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .
1606	An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
1607	The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
1608	I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
1609	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
1610	Really quite funny .
1611	Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
1612	A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
1613	Ken Russell would love this .
1614	It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
1615	It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
1616	Morvern rocks .
1617	Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
1618	City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
1619	Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
1620	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
1621	This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
1622	The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
1623	Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
1624	Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
1625	An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
1626	Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
1627	It hates its characters .
1628	The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
1629	With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
1630	As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
1631	The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
1632	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
1633	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
1634	But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
1635	As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
1636	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
1637	Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
1638	Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
1639	Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
1640	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
1641	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
1642	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
1643	Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
1644	A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
1645	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
1646	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
1647	It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
1648	Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
1649	Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
1650	As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
1651	Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
1652	... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
1653	A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
1654	This is one of the year 's best films .
1655	And in a sense , that 's a liability .
1656	A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
1657	Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
1658	Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
1659	Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
1660	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
1661	But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
1662	Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
1663	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
1664	Every joke is repeated at least four times .
1665	The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
1666	As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
1667	Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
1668	The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
1669	But it is entertaining on an inferior level .
1670	An Asian neo-realist treasure .
1671	This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
1672	Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
1673	Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
1674	A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
1675	High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
1676	Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
1677	Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
1678	Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
1679	A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
1680	In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
1681	Beautifully produced .
1682	Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
1683	An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
1684	A French film with a more down-home flavor .
1685	It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
1686	Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
1687	You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
1688	Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
1689	` This movie sucks . '
1690	It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
1691	At times , it actually hurts to watch .
1692	Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1693	Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
1694	K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
1695	Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
1696	Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
1697	While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
1698	Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
1699	The movie is well done , but slow .
1700	Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
1701	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
1702	Moving and vibrant .
1703	Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
1704	It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
1705	What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
1706	An impeccable study in perversity .
1707	While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
1708	It 's just rather leaden and dull .
1709	Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
1710	All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
1711	No. .
1712	An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
1713	Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
1714	Great character interaction .
1715	All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
1716	The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
1717	`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
1718	As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
1719	Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
1720	It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
1721	A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
1722	A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
1723	If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
1724	`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
1725	Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
1726	there is truth here
1727	Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
1728	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
1729	There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
1730	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
1731	It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
1732	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
1733	Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
1734	All in all , a great party .
1735	As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
1736	I did n't laugh .
1737	Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
1738	In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
1739	It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
1740	All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
1741	If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
1742	A dazzling dream of a documentary .
1743	Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
1744	Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
1745	The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
1746	This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
1747	Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
1748	It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
1749	Dreary tale of middle-class angst
1750	My own minority report is that it stinks .
1751	A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
1752	Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
1753	Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
1754	The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
1755	There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
1756	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
1757	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
1758	Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
1759	Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
1760	A film of quiet power .
1761	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
1762	Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
1763	Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
1764	Dramas like this make it human .
1765	Insufferably naive .
1766	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
1767	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
1768	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
1769	As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
1770	This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
1771	An enthralling , entertaining feature .
1772	Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
1773	Poignant and delicately complex .
1774	Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
1775	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
1776	Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
1777	For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
1778	For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
1779	Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
1780	It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
1781	Where 's the movie here ?
1782	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
1783	As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
1784	... a rather bland affair .
1785	The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
1786	A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
1787	It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
1788	The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
1789	Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
1790	Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
1791	It labours as storytelling .
1792	Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
1793	And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
1794	Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
1795	Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
1796	Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
1797	Slap me , I saw this movie .
1798	By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
1799	It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
1800	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
1801	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
1802	Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
1803	The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
1804	Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
1805	Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
1806	The trailer is a riot .
1807	It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
1808	Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1809	To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
1810	A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
1811	... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
1812	A modest masterpiece .
1813	A stirring road movie .
1814	Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
1815	Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
1816	Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
1817	An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
1818	`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
1819	Not so much farcical as sour .
1820	A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
1821	One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
1822	It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
1823	In this case zero .
1824	The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
1825	There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
1826	Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
1827	Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
1828	Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
1829	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
1830	Never once predictable .
1831	In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
1832	Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
1833	The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
1834	I do n't think so .
1835	Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
1836	Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
1837	It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
1838	... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
1839	An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
1840	Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
1841	The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
1842	Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
1843	This is an interesting movie ! ''
1844	Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
1845	The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
1846	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
1847	Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
1848	So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
1849	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
1850	Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
1851	Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
1852	For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
1853	Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
1854	The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
1855	It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
1856	Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
1857	Below is well below expectations .
1858	While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
1859	A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
1860	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
1861	Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
1862	Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
1863	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
1864	Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
1865	At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
1866	I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
1867	Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
1868	Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
1869	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
1870	The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
1871	... stale and uninspired .
1872	A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
1873	Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
1874	My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
1875	Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
1876	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
1877	Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
1878	Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
1879	All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
1880	Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
1881	The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
1882	The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
1883	Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
1884	If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
1885	By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
1886	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
1887	In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
1888	Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
1889	The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
1890	Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
1891	An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
1892	Many insightful moments .
1893	This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
1894	A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
1895	... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
1896	Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
1897	Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
1898	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
1899	The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
1900	A processed comedy chop suey .
1901	Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
1902	Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
1903	What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
1904	We get the comedy we settle for .
1905	The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
1906	Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
1907	There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
1908	Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
1909	There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
1910	Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
1911	It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
1912	Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
1913	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
1914	It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
1915	A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
1916	It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
1917	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
1918	Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
1919	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
1920	It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
1921	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
1922	The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
1923	Just plain bad .
1924	Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
1925	Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
1926	A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
1927	Too bad .
1928	Funny and touching .
1929	... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
1930	... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
1931	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
1932	Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
1933	The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
1934	A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
1935	A beautiful paean to a time long past .
1936	Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
1937	No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
1938	In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
1939	A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
1940	Video games are more involving than this mess .
1941	... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
1942	Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
1943	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
1944	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
1945	A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
1946	A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
1947	Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
1948	Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
1949	As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
1950	Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
1951	Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
1952	It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
1953	A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
1954	It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
1955	An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
1956	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
1957	When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
1958	As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
1959	What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
1960	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
1961	Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
1962	A fun ride .
1963	As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
1964	This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
1965	About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
1966	In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
1967	A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
1968	Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
1969	The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .
1970	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
1971	Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
1972	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
1973	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
1974	The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
1975	A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
1976	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
1977	A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
1978	Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
1979	... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
1980	What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
1981	I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
1982	What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
1983	Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
1984	A gem of a movie .
1985	... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
1986	As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
1987	The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
1988	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
1989	It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
1990	Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
1991	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
1992	Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1993	Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
1994	But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
1995	If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
1996	A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
1997	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
1998	Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
1999	Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
2000	Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
2001	Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
2002	This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
2003	If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
2004	It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
2005	An enjoyable above average summer diversion .
2006	The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
2007	One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
2008	An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
2009	The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
2010	A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
2011	A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
2012	The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
2013	... wise and elegiac ...
2014	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
2015	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
2016	... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
2017	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
2018	Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
2019	As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
2020	But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
2021	Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
2022	Feral and uncomfortable .
2023	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
2024	While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
2025	Wait to see it then .
2026	`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
2027	Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
2028	It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
2029	Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
2030	We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
2031	The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
2032	It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
2033	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
2034	Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
2035	In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
2036	Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
2037	And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
2038	-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
2039	One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
2040	... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
2041	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
2042	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
2043	There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
2044	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
2045	The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
2046	Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
2047	Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
2048	Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
2049	Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
2050	A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
2051	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
2052	This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
2053	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
2054	A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
2055	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
2056	Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
2057	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
2058	A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
2059	Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
2060	It is a likable story , told with competence .
2061	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
2062	The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
2063	Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
2064	The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
2065	Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
2066	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
2067	Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
2068	It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
2069	A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
2070	Worth a look as a curiosity .
2071	Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
2072	Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
2073	Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
2074	This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
2075	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
2076	It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
2077	The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
2078	An infuriating film .
2079	With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
2080	The art demands live viewing .
2081	Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
2082	Can you bear the laughter ?
2083	No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
2084	What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
2085	What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
2086	Too silly to take seriously .
2087	One of the best movies of the year .
2088	A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
2089	If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
2090	Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
2091	It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
2092	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
2093	The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
2094	If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
2095	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
2096	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
2097	Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
2098	I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
2099	A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
2100	Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
2101	A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
2102	All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
2103	Troubling and powerful .
2104	It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
2105	It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
2106	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
2107	Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
2108	Low rent from frame one .
2109	Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
2110	The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
2111	Disjointed parody .
2112	With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
2113	An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .
2114	... too sappy for its own good .
2115	Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
2116	It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
2117	A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
2118	Bad and baffling from the get-go .
2119	And it is .
2120	A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
2121	Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
2122	About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .
2123	... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
2124	Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
2125	... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
2126	All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
2127	I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
2128	As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
2129	Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
2130	Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
2131	An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
2132	It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
2133	Has a solid emotional impact .
2134	Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
2135	The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
2136	Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
2137	Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
2138	Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
2139	The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
2140	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
2141	It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
2142	There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
2143	Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
2144	It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
2145	The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
2146	Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
2147	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
2148	Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
2149	It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
2150	A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
2151	Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
2152	This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
2153	It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
2154	Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
2155	Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .
2156	A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
2157	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
2158	... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
2159	It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
2160	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
2161	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
2162	A weird and wonderful comedy .
2163	Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
2164	The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
2165	can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
2166	It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
2167	is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
2168	Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
2169	In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
2170	... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
2171	Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
2172	A riveting documentary .
2173	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
2174	The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
2175	A very charming and funny movie .
2176	Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
2177	A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
2178	An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
2179	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
2180	Sparse but oddly compelling .
2181	Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
2182	And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
2183	A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
2184	It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
2185	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
2186	In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
2187	It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
2188	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
2189	The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
2190	As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
2191	`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
2192	More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
2193	Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
2194	Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
2195	A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
2196	Been there done that .
2197	Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
2198	If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
2199	In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
2200	Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
2201	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
2202	But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
2203	As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
2204	Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
2205	Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
2206	A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
2207	It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
2208	A DOA dud from frame one .
2209	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
2210	Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
2211	A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
2212	While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
2213	This is a truly , truly bad movie .
2214	And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
2215	Wise and deadpan humorous .
2216	There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
2217	The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
2218	Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
2219	The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
2220	You have to see it .
2221	The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
2222	A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
2223	Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
2224	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
2225	Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
2226	Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
2227	But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
2228	As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
2229	Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
2230	A thought-provoking picture .
2231	No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
2232	Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
2233	Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
2234	Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
2235	Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
2236	The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
2237	Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
2238	I liked it just enough .
2239	Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
2240	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
2241	Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
2242	Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
2243	Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
2244	The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
2245	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
2246	... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
2247	But it 's surprisingly harmless .
2248	Absolutely not .
2249	Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
2250	What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
2251	This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
2252	Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
2253	It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
2254	Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
2255	I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
2256	This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
2257	There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
2258	At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
2259	And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
2260	The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .
2261	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
2262	It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
2263	Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
2264	A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
2265	Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
2266	The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
2267	What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
2268	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
2269	An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
2270	This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
2271	Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
2272	When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
2273	Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
2274	The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
2275	The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
2276	The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
2277	If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
2278	Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
2279	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
2280	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
2281	The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
2282	Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
2283	Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
2284	Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
2285	`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
2286	She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
2287	Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
2288	A complete waste of time .
2289	Sleek and arty .
2290	A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
2291	A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
2292	Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
2293	Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
2294	Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
2295	God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
2296	The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
2297	The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
2298	The script is smart , not cloying .
2299	Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
2300	Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
2301	A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
2302	There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
2303	Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
2304	There are moments of hilarity to be had .
2305	Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
2306	A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
2307	A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
2308	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
2309	The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
2310	The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
2311	Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
2312	Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
2313	One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
2314	For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
2315	It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
2316	There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
2317	What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
2318	Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
2319	Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
2320	Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
2321	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
2322	It 's one long bore .
2323	This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
2324	Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
2325	By turns very dark and very funny .
2326	The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
2327	Crummy .
2328	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
2329	Thoroughly enjoyable .
2330	The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
2331	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
2332	The acting is n't much better .
2333	The characters never change .
2334	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
2335	If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
2336	What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
2337	Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
2338	I wanted more .
2339	It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
2340	If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
2341	However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
2342	Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
2343	This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
2344	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
2345	Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
2346	A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
2347	The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
2348	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
2349	Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
2350	If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
2351	If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
2352	A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
2353	It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
2354	Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
2355	Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
2356	One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
2357	A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
2358	Aan opportunity wasted .
2359	Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
2360	The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
2361	It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
2362	Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
2363	Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
2364	A half-assed film .
2365	Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
2366	` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
2367	An exhilarating experience .
2368	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
2369	In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
2370	Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
2371	Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
2372	This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
2373	How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
2374	But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
2375	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
2376	A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
2377	Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
2378	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
2379	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
2380	Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
2381	An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
2382	All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
2383	What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
2384	Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
2385	For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
2386	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
2387	Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
2388	The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
2389	Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
2390	Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
2391	Bad movie .
2392	A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
2393	Make like the title and dodge this one .
2394	A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
2395	There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
2396	A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
2397	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
2398	Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
2399	The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
2400	... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
2401	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
2402	These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
2403	` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
2404	The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
2405	The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
2406	An almost unbearably morbid love story .
2407	The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
2408	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
2409	Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
2410	It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
2411	Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
2412	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
2413	Simone is not a bad film .
2414	Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
2415	Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
2416	A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
2417	Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
2418	It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
2419	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
2420	Terrible .
2421	It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
2422	Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
2423	Action - mechanical .
2424	Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
2425	` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
2426	This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
2427	Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
2428	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
2429	The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
2430	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
2431	Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
2432	This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
2433	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
2434	Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
2435	It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
2436	A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
2437	A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
2438	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
2439	The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .
2440	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
2441	A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
2442	What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
2443	In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
2444	The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
2445	Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
2446	It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
2447	The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
2448	The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
2449	Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
2450	Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
2451	As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
2452	Boring and meandering .
2453	Extremely bad .
2454	The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
2455	Anemic , pretentious .
2456	... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
2457	Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
2458	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
2459	Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
2460	Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
2461	Where the film falters is in its tone .
2462	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
2463	For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
2464	but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
2465	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
2466	A bad movie that happened to good actors .
2467	... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
2468	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .
2469	The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
2470	A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
2471	Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
2472	Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
2473	It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
2474	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
2475	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
2476	It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
2477	It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
2478	If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
2479	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
2480	The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
2481	As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
2482	... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
2483	Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
2484	Dense , exhilarating documentary .
2485	LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
2486	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
2487	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
2488	This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
2489	Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
2490	Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
2491	A big fat pain .
2492	It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
2493	A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
2494	Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
2495	One of the best rock documentaries ever .
2496	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
2497	If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
2498	If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
2499	A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
2500	When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
2501	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .
2502	It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
2503	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
2504	The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
2505	The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
2506	Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
2507	Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
2508	I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
2509	You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
2510	It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
2511	If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
2512	All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
2513	-- but certainly hard to hate .
2514	Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
2515	A very capable nailbiter .
2516	Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
2517	Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
2518	Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
2519	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
2520	Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
2521	A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
2522	Terminally brain dead production .
2523	This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
2524	Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
2525	It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
2526	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
2527	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
2528	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
2529	The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
2530	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
2531	In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
2532	classic cinema served up with heart and humor
2533	... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
2534	Very well-written and very well-acted .
2535	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
2536	There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
2537	The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
2538	A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
2539	A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
2540	Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
2541	Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
2542	Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
2543	... one resurrection too many .
2544	Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
2545	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
2546	Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
2547	Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
2548	... a solid , well-formed satire .
2549	The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
2550	It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
2551	Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
2552	It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
2553	If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
2554	The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
2555	Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
2556	While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
2557	Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
2558	Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
2559	Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
2560	About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
2561	-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
2562	The film is strictly routine .
2563	With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
2564	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
2565	It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
2566	After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
2567	The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
2568	To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
2569	Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
2570	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
2571	A lovely film for the holiday season .
2572	But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
2573	All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
2574	What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
2575	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
2576	Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
2577	The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
2578	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
2579	If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
2580	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
2581	There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
2582	First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
2583	Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
2584	Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
2585	So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
2586	Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
2587	One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
2588	Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
2589	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
2590	An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
2591	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
2592	Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
2593	Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
2594	It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
2595	When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
2596	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
2597	This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
2598	I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
2599	The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
2600	The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
2601	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
2602	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
2603	Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
2604	A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
2605	One of the worst films of 2002 .
2606	captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
2607	Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
2608	It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
2609	Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
2610	Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
2611	An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
2612	... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
2613	A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
2614	Feels familiar and tired .
2615	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
2616	A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
2617	It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
2618	Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
2619	It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
2620	That , in itself , is extraordinary .
2621	Meandering and confusing .
2622	It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
2623	A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
2624	Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
2625	A small movie with a big heart .
2626	A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
2627	This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
2628	Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
2629	The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
2630	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
2631	It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
2632	A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
2633	This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
2634	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
2635	Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
2636	The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
2637	The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
2638	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
2639	One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
2640	A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
2641	... unbearably lame .
2642	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .
2643	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
2644	It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
2645	The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
2646	Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
2647	Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
2648	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
2649	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
2650	, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
2651	One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
2652	A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
2653	What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
2654	A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
2655	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
2656	Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
2657	Family fare .
2658	American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
2659	The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
2660	As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
2661	Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
2662	The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
2663	Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
2664	Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
2665	The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
2666	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
2667	The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
2668	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
2669	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
2670	It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
2671	He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
2672	The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
2673	A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
2674	Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
2675	This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
2676	... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
2677	Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
2678	The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
2679	Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
2680	The performances are uniformly good .
2681	In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
2682	The movie is brilliant , really .
2683	Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
2684	Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
2685	None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
2686	You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
2687	Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
2688	What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
2689	Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
2690	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
2691	The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
2692	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
2693	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
2694	Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
2695	Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
2696	I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
2697	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
2698	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
2699	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
2700	A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
2701	... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
2702	In the end , there is n't much to it .
2703	Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
2704	An ugly , revolting movie .
2705	Compellingly watchable .
2706	Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
2707	If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
2708	Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
2709	This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
2710	And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
2711	The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
2712	It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
2713	It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
2714	... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
2715	plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
2716	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
2717	With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
2718	The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
2719	The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
2720	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
2721	Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
2722	Oh , look at that clever angle !
2723	The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
2724	Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
2725	A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
2726	The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
2727	Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
2728	But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
2729	A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
2730	How inept is Serving Sara ?
2731	Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
2732	At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
2733	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
2734	A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
2735	In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
2736	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
2737	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
2738	After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
2739	As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
2740	One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
2741	Wow .
2742	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
2743	The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
2744	Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
2745	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
2746	Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
2747	But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
2748	They cheapen the overall effect .
2749	Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
2750	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
2751	A sense of real magic , perhaps .
2752	A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
2753	A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
2754	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
2755	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
2756	An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
2757	... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
2758	What I saw , I enjoyed .
2759	There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
2760	It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
2761	With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
2762	As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
2763	Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
2764	A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
2765	Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
2766	Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
2767	It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
2768	Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
2769	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
2770	... an interesting slice of history .
2771	The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
2772	So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
2773	Good , solid storytelling .
2774	The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2775	A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
2776	By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
2777	That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
2778	Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
2779	Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
2780	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
2781	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
2782	Death might be a release .
2783	These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
2784	It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
2785	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
2786	Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
2787	An enjoyable experience .
2788	Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
2789	An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
2790	Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
2791	The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
2792	We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
2793	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
2794	The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
2795	An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
2796	Too clever by about nine-tenths .
2797	Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
2798	Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
2799	It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
2800	On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
2801	A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
2802	Genuinely unnerving .
2803	A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
2804	And educational !
2805	I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
2806	That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
2807	If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
2808	A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
2809	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
2810	A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
2811	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
2812	It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
2813	Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
2814	A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
2815	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
2816	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
2817	It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
2818	Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
2819	As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
2820	The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
2821	A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
2822	A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
2823	Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
2824	In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
2825	Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
2826	According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
2827	As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
2828	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
2829	The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
2830	Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
2831	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
2832	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
2833	Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
2834	Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
2835	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
2836	An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
2837	Press the delete key .
2838	Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
2839	On its own , it 's not very interesting .
2840	A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
2841	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
2842	True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
2843	The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
2844	Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
2845	An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
2846	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
2847	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
2848	Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
2849	Even kids deserve better .
2850	Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
2851	Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
2852	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
2853	In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
2854	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
2855	A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
2856	Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
2857	Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
2858	A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
2859	However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
2860	It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
2861	A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
2862	Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
2863	What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .
2864	Paul Bettany is cool .
2865	Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
2866	It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
2867	Prepare to marvel again .
2868	What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
2869	Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
2870	After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
2871	An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .
2872	While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
2873	Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
2874	For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
2875	While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
2876	Maryam is more timely now than ever .
2877	One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
2878	If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
2879	Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
2880	Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
2881	I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
2882	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
2883	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
2884	This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
2885	A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
2886	This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
2887	Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
2888	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
2889	I 'll go out on a limb .
2890	With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
2891	The movie is a dud .
2892	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
2893	It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
2894	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
2895	What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
2896	Degenerates into hogwash .
2897	Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
2898	Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
2899	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
2900	Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
2901	It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
2902	Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
2903	A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
2904	Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
2905	It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
2906	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
2907	A tremendous piece of work .
2908	Both damning and damned compelling .
2909	Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
2910	Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
2911	They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
2912	But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
2913	There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
2914	Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
2915	You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
2916	For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !
2917	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
2918	` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
2919	Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
2920	Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
2921	A real snooze .
2922	Any rock pile will do for a set .
2923	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
2924	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
2925	Cinematic poo .
2926	Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
2927	We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
2928	For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
2929	A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
2930	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
2931	The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
2932	It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
2933	Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
2934	It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
2935	For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
2936	This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
2937	More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
2938	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
2939	A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
2940	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .
2941	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .
2942	A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
2943	It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
2944	The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
2945	In other words , it 's badder than bad .
2946	Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
2947	The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
2948	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
2949	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
2950	... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
2951	It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
2952	I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
2953	Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
2954	An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
2955	Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
2956	... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
2957	This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
2958	While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
2959	Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
2960	An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
2961	Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
2962	This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
2963	Incoherence reigns .
2964	And that makes all the difference .
2965	What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
2966	In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
2967	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
2968	Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
2969	Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
2970	If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
2971	If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .
2972	A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
2973	The drama discloses almost nothing .
2974	Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
2975	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
2976	It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
2977	An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
2978	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
2979	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
2980	... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
2981	Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
2982	Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
2983	Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
2984	Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
2985	Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
2986	Fantastic !
2987	The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
2988	You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
2989	... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
2990	The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
2991	is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
2992	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
2993	Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
2994	A stylish thriller .
2995	A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
2996	A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
2997	... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
2998	It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
2999	The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
3000	Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
3001	A witty , whimsical feature debut .
3002	... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
3003	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
3004	The results are far more alienating than involving .
3005	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
3006	For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
3007	The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
3008	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
3009	Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
3010	The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
3011	This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
3012	Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
3013	Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
3014	` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
3015	It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
3016	A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
3017	It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
3018	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
3019	But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
3020	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
3021	Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
3022	Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
3023	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
3024	The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
3025	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
3026	Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
3027	Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
3028	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
3029	A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
3030	What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
3031	The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
3032	Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
3033	It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
3034	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
3035	A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
3036	To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
3037	More trifle than triumph .
3038	The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
3039	A weird , arresting little ride .
3040	Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
3041	Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
3042	is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
3043	A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
3044	The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
3045	The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
3046	Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
3047	The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
3048	- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
3049	What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
3050	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
3051	A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
3052	A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
3053	Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
3054	Malcolm McDowell is cool .
3055	is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
3056	Black-and-white and unrealistic .
3057	The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
3058	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
3059	Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
3060	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
3061	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
3062	And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
3063	The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.
3064	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
3065	While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
3066	Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
3067	a joyous occasion
3068	A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
3069	It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
3070	A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
3071	After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
3072	Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
3073	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
3074	Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
3075	The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
3076	A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
3077	The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
3078	... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
3079	This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
3080	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
3081	This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
3082	Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
3083	And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
3084	A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
3085	The movie is without intent .
3086	Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
3087	Exciting documentary .
3088	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
3089	This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
3090	All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
3091	Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
3092	Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
3093	Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
3094	A non-mystery mystery .
3095	Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
3096	The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
3097	More tiring than anything .
3098	Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
3099	Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
3100	Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
3101	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
3102	A modestly surprising movie .
3103	Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
3104	An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
3105	The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
3106	Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
3107	It 's Pauly Shore awful .
3108	The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
3109	Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
3110	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
3111	Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
3112	They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
3113	Fluffy and disposible .
3114	To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
3115	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
3116	Worthy of the gong .
3117	Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
3118	Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
3119	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
3120	Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
3121	What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
3122	The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
3123	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
3124	This movie got me grinning .
3125	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
3126	Decent but dull .
3127	Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
3128	` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
3129	It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
3130	Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
3131	There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
3132	Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
3133	As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
3134	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
3135	It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
3136	Cold , nervy and memorable .
3137	Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
3138	... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
3139	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
3140	Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
3141	Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
3142	I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
3143	More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
3144	According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
3145	Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
3146	There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
3147	The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
3148	This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
3149	Deliciously slow .
3150	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
3151	May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
3152	An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
3153	Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
3154	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
3155	Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
3156	Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
3157	... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
3158	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
3159	It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
3160	... silly humbuggery ...
3161	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
3162	While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
3163	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
3164	More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
3165	Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
3166	Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
3167	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
3168	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
3169	This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
3170	Collapses under its own meager weight .
3171	Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
3172	With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
3173	It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
3174	This is just lazy writing .
3175	Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
3176	The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
3177	But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
3178	What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
3179	An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
3180	Oh , and more entertaining , too .
3181	I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
3182	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
3183	A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
3184	Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
3185	An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
3186	You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
3187	It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
3188	Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
3189	A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
3190	Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
3191	Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
3192	A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
3193	Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
3194	Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
3195	Very predictable but still entertaining
3196	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
3197	Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
3198	The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
3199	An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
3200	In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
3201	It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
3202	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
3203	Abysmally pathetic
3204	Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
3205	A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
3206	But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
3207	Everything is off .
3208	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
3209	Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
3210	Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
3211	It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
3212	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
3213	While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
3214	This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
3215	More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
3216	Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
3217	If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
3218	Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
3219	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
3220	Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
3221	The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
3222	The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
3223	Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
3224	It 's not too fast and not too slow .
3225	K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
3226	One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
3227	Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
3228	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
3229	This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
3230	Warm and exotic .
3231	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
3232	Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
3233	Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
3234	Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
3235	The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
3236	The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
3237	Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
3238	A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
3239	Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
3240	A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
3241	After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
3242	Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
3243	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
3244	Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
3245	Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
3246	Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
3247	About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
3248	The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
3249	The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
3250	It 's always enthralling .
3251	Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
3252	But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
3253	So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
3254	Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
3255	The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
3256	At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
3257	I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
3258	This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
3259	The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
3260	Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
3261	A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
3262	Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
3263	I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
3264	It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
3265	No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
3266	It 's still terrible !
3267	A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
3268	Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
3269	It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
3270	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
3271	The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
3272	A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
3273	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
3274	Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
3275	For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
3276	He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
3277	It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
3278	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
3279	As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
3280	By that measure , it is a failure .
3281	El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
3282	A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
3283	As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
3284	A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
3285	An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
3286	I did n't smile .
3287	Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
3288	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
3289	If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
3290	Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
3291	I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
3292	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
3293	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
3294	It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
3295	The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
3296	Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
3297	May puzzle his most ardent fans .
3298	The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
3299	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
3300	It 's sweet .
3301	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
3302	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
3303	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
3304	Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
3305	The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
3306	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
3307	Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
3308	The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
3309	Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
3310	Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
3311	You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
3312	The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
3313	The concept is a hoot .
3314	The film oozes craft .
3315	That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
3316	A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
3317	For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
3318	This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
3319	Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
3320	It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
3321	Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
3322	The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
3323	Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
3324	He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
3325	Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
3326	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
3327	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
3328	The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
3329	Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
3330	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .
3331	Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
3332	A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
3333	It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
3334	Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
3335	Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
3336	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
3337	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
3338	The film 's most improbable feat ?
3339	Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
3340	It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
3341	It 's a masterpeice .
3342	Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
3343	Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
3344	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
3345	Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
3346	Highly watchable stuff .
3347	As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
3348	There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
3349	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
3350	It 's a cool event for the whole family .
3351	Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
3352	In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
3353	Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
3354	It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
3355	Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
3356	Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
3357	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
3358	Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
3359	A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
3360	Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
3361	While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
3362	If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
3363	With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
3364	Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
3365	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
3366	Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
3367	Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
3368	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .
3369	The movie is a trove of delights .
3370	All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
3371	Even better than the first one !
3372	The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
3373	It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
3374	The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
3375	Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
3376	Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
3377	... hypnotically dull .
3378	The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
3379	Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
3380	It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
3381	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
3382	What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
3383	I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
3384	Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
3385	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
3386	See it .
3387	There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
3388	`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
3389	Daring and beautifully made .
3390	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
3391	It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
3392	A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
3393	Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
3394	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
3395	The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
3396	The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
3397	Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
3398	Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
3399	A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
3400	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
3401	or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
3402	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
3403	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
3404	Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .
3405	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
3406	Full of surprises .
3407	The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
3408	The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
3409	There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
3410	Paul Cox needed to show it .
3411	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
3412	Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
3413	Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
3414	Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
3415	It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
3416	This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
3417	Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
3418	Sad nonsense , this .
3419	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
3420	Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
3421	But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
3422	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
3423	This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
3424	Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
3425	Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
3426	Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
3427	A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
3428	Harmless fun .
3429	One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
3430	... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
3431	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
3432	With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
3433	Shrewd but pointless .
3434	There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
3435	It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
3436	The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
3437	A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
3438	Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
3439	The worst film of the year .
3440	This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
3441	Spare but quietly effective retelling .
3442	What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
3443	Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
3444	Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
3445	Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
3446	An extremely unpleasant film .
3447	The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
3448	The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
3449	Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
3450	Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
3451	This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
3452	This is n't a new idea .
3453	As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
3454	... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
3455	Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
3456	The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
3457	Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
3458	I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
3459	Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
3460	I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
3461	Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
3462	An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
3463	This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
3464	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
3465	Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
3466	The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
3467	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
3468	It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
3469	The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
3470	Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
3471	Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
3472	A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
3473	Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
3474	This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
3475	The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
3476	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
3477	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
3478	But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
3479	A solidly entertaining little film .
3480	I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
3481	An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
3482	It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
3483	An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
3484	Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
3485	Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
3486	An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
3487	In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
3488	This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
3489	Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
3490	It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
3491	All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
3492	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
3493	A riveting story well told .
3494	Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
3495	But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
3496	Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
3497	A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
3498	This is a movie you can trust .
3499	Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
3500	Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
3501	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
3502	The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
3503	As it turns out , you can go home again .
3504	A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
3505	As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
3506	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
3507	Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
3508	But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
3509	As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
3510	The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
3511	Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
3512	Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
3513	Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
3514	The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
3515	Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
3516	Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
3517	Intelligent and moving .
3518	Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
3519	A great script brought down by lousy direction .
3520	Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
3521	He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
3522	Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
3523	In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
3524	If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
3525	Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
3526	Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
3527	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
3528	Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
3529	There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
3530	This is a film living far too much in its own head .
3531	To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
3532	Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
3533	Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
3534	A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
3535	If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
3536	While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
3537	Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
3538	The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .
3539	... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
3540	The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
3541	Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
3542	It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
3543	It is n't scary .
3544	Refreshing .
3545	Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
3546	A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
3547	It 's not a great monster movie .
3548	The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
3549	The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
3550	A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
3551	The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
3552	One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
3553	From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
3554	There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
3555	The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
3556	Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
3557	Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
3558	This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
3559	Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
3560	The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
3561	Cho 's timing is priceless .
3562	Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
3563	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
3564	Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
3565	It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
3566	A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
3567	And that is where Ararat went astray .
3568	Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
3569	Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
3570	As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
3571	The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
3572	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
3573	What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
3574	Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
3575	Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
3576	A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
3577	Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
3578	You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
3579	Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
3580	The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
3581	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
3582	My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
3583	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
3584	I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
3585	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
3586	Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
3587	Banal and predictable .
3588	The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
3589	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
3590	But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
3591	Disturbing .
3592	Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
3593	All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
3594	UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
3595	A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
3596	The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
3597	This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
3598	Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
3599	A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
3600	Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
3601	brought to life on the big screen .
3602	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
3603	Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
3604	That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
3605	So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
3606	A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
3607	With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
3608	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
3609	There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
3610	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
3611	This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
3612	Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
3613	A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
3614	Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
3615	Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
3616	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
3617	A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
3618	The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
3619	The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
3620	An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
3621	The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
3622	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
3623	Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
3624	We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
3625	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
3626	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
3627	The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
3628	Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
3629	Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
3630	It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
3631	This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
3632	A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
3633	Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
3634	Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
3635	A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
3636	At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
3637	The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
3638	Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
3639	... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
3640	The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
3641	A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
3642	The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
3643	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
3644	Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
3645	What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3646	A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
3647	A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
3648	One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
3649	Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
3650	A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
3651	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
3652	Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?
3653	Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
3654	Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
3655	But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
3656	You 'll probably love it .
3657	Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .
3658	In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
3659	While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
3660	... overly melodramatic ...
3661	Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
3662	Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
3663	As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
3664	Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
3665	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
3666	This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
3667	Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
3668	Imperfect ?
3669	Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
3670	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
3671	Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
3672	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
3673	This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
3674	The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
3675	`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
3676	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
3677	It 's not an easy one to review .
3678	If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
3679	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
3680	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
3681	It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
3682	If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
3683	The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
3684	A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
3685	As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
3686	When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
3687	This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
3688	The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
3689	It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
3690	The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
3691	Serious and thoughtful .
3692	I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
3693	A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .
3694	A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
3695	There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
3696	It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
3697	Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
3698	Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
3699	Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
3700	What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
3701	The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
3702	It gets old quickly .
3703	It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
3704	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
3705	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
3706	An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
3707	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
3708	The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
3709	Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
3710	What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
3711	` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
3712	This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
3713	Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
3714	You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
3715	Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
3716	Zoom !
3717	Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
3718	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
3719	One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
3720	The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
3721	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
3722	An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
3723	A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
3724	Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
3725	Intimate and panoramic .
3726	Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
3727	In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
3728	A slick , engrossing melodrama .
3729	By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
3730	Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
3731	A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
3732	It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
3733	This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
3734	Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
3735	The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
3736	We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
3737	Good-naturedly cornball sequel .
3738	Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
3739	The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
3740	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
3741	Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
3742	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
3743	tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
3744	The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
3745	Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
3746	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
3747	This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
3748	One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
3749	Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
3750	... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
3751	Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
3752	Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
3753	But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
3754	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
3755	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
3756	A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
3757	While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
3758	A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
3759	A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
3760	Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
3761	With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
3762	Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
3763	The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
3764	It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
3765	An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
3766	Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
3767	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
3768	A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
3769	Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
3770	The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
3771	Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
3772	The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
3773	As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
3774	Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
3775	To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
3776	In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
3777	Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
3778	The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
3779	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
3780	Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
3781	A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
3782	Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
3783	Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
3784	Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
3785	A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
3786	There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
3787	Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
3788	Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
3789	Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
3790	The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
3791	The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
3792	While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
3793	Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
3794	Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
3795	It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
3796	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
3797	The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .
3798	Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
3799	... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
3800	Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
3801	As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
3802	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
3803	The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
3804	A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
3805	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
3806	It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
3807	McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
3808	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
3809	The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
3810	A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
3811	LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
3812	Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
3813	Rewarding .
3814	Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
3815	Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
3816	The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
3817	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
3818	Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
3819	Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
3820	Elegant , mannered and teasing .
3821	At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
3822	It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
3823	It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
3824	Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
3825	Grating and tedious .
3826	As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
3827	Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
3828	You 'll know a star when you see one .
3829	The Komediant is a tale worth catching .
3830	It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
3831	If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
3832	... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
3833	Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
3834	Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
3835	This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
3836	The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
3837	Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
3838	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
3839	The heat of the moment prevails .
3840	Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
3841	On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
3842	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
3843	Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
3844	One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
3845	I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
3846	The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
3847	The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
3848	Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
3849	Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
3850	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
3851	Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
3852	No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
3853	A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
3854	I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
3855	The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
3856	hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
3857	Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
3858	When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
3859	Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
3860	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
3861	But it does have one saving grace .
3862	Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
3863	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
3864	Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
3865	Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
3866	Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
3867	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
3868	For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
3869	Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
3870	The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
3871	A wry , affectionate delight .
3872	What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
3873	To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
3874	You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
3875	It 's not too much of anything .
3876	He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
3877	Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
3878	Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
3879	The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
3880	A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
3881	A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
3882	... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
3883	Seems like someone going through the motions .
3884	A genuine mind-bender .
3885	Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
3886	Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
3887	With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
3888	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .
3889	A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
3890	Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
3891	A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
3892	She may not be real , but the laughs are .
3893	While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
3894	A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
3895	Viva le Resistance !
3896	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
3897	It is also beautifully acted .
3898	I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
3899	Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
3900	Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
3901	Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
3902	Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
3903	What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
3904	This thing is virtually unwatchable .
3905	It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
3906	On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
3907	One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
3908	Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
3909	` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
3910	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
3911	A chiller resolutely without chills .
3912	May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
3913	At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
3914	Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
3915	One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
3916	A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
3917	Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
3918	From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
3919	Beware the quirky Brit-com .
3920	When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
3921	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
3922	Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
3923	While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
3924	Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
3925	If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
3926	There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
3927	It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
3928	The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
3929	I will be .
3930	There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
3931	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
3932	has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
3933	... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
3934	Predictably melodramatic .
3935	They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
3936	77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
3937	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
3938	Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
3939	It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
3940	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
3941	Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
3942	Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
3943	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
3944	An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
3945	A relative letdown .
3946	Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
3947	Hard to resist .
3948	When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
3949	It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
3950	Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
3951	It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
3952	Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
3953	With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
3954	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
3955	What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
3956	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
3957	It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
3958	Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
3959	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
3960	Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
3961	As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
3962	The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
3963	What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
3964	Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
3965	A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
3966	They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
3967	Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
3968	Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
3969	... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
3970	From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
3971	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
3972	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
3973	Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
3974	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
3975	A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
3976	To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
3977	From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
3978	A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
3979	We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
3980	An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
3981	It 's like a drive-by .
3982	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .
3983	Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
3984	Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
3985	Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
3986	Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
3987	After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
3988	Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
3989	Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
3990	Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
3991	It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
3992	It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
3993	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
3994	It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
3995	A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
3996	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
3997	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
3998	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
3999	A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
4000	Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
4001	Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
4002	The comedy is nonexistent .
4003	Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
4004	For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
4005	That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
4006	Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
4007	Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
4008	An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
4009	For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
4010	Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
4011	Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
4012	under-rehearsed and lifeless
4013	While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
4014	When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
4015	Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
4016	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
4017	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
4018	Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
4019	The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
4020	Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
4021	It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
4022	The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
4023	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
4024	Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
4025	The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
4026	... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
4027	It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
4028	This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
4029	Hey , Happy !
4030	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
4031	Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
4032	Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
4033	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
4034	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
4035	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
4036	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
4037	This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
4038	If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
4039	A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
4040	Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
4041	Lacks depth .
4042	Oddly compelling .
4043	Adaptation is simply brilliant .
4044	All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
4045	The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
4046	It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
4047	This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
4048	An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
4049	Duvall is strong as always .
4050	She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
4051	Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
4052	Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
4053	Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
4054	Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
4055	Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
4056	This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
4057	If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
4058	Not just unlikable .
4059	Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
4060	Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
4061	The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
4062	Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
4063	There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
4064	One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
4065	Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
4066	... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
4067	The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
4068	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
4069	The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
4070	... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
4071	An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
4072	Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
4073	Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
4074	The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
4075	Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
4076	A less-than-thrilling thriller .
4077	Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
4078	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
4079	It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
4080	A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
4081	Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
4082	The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
4083	Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
4084	What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
4085	There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
4086	A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
4087	K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
4088	... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4089	It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
4090	Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
4091	This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
4092	The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
4093	A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
4094	feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
4095	Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
4096	It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
4097	Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
4098	With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
4099	What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
4100	One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
4101	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
4102	The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
4103	This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
4104	Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
4105	Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
4106	A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
4107	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
4108	This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
4109	An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
4110	Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
4111	I like it .
4112	A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
4113	One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
4114	It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
4115	Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
4116	` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
4117	It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
4118	Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
4119	Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
4120	Does n't really add up to much .
4121	-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
4122	Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
4123	We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
4124	The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
4125	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
4126	It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
4127	The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
4128	May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
4129	And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
4130	Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
4131	Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
4132	A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
4133	Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
4134	Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
4135	Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
4136	All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
4137	Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
4138	Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
4139	It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
4140	The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
4141	Sluggish , tonally uneven .
4142	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
4143	Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
4144	You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
4145	As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
4146	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
4147	Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
4148	Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
4149	I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
4150	Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
4151	`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
4152	Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
4153	Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
4154	Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
4155	The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
4156	But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
4157	The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
4158	Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
4159	It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
4160	Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
4161	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
4162	Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
4163	A charming but slight comedy .
4164	Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
4165	A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
4166	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
4167	A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
4168	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
4169	The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
4170	Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
4171	A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
4172	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
4173	Almost peerlessly unsettling .
4174	Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
4175	This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
4176	It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
4177	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
4178	Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
4179	A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
4180	... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
4181	To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
4182	The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
4183	Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
4184	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
4185	Laughably , irredeemably awful .
4186	The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
4187	Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
4188	As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
4189	Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
4190	A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
4191	First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
4192	Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
4193	A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
4194	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
4195	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
4196	Intriguing and stylish .
4197	By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
4198	A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
4199	Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
4200	But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
4201	This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
4202	At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
4203	A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
4204	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
4205	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
4206	The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
4207	Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
4208	Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
4209	I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
4210	There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
4211	Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
4212	The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .
4213	`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
4214	Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
4215	A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
4216	Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
4217	It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
4218	A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
4219	Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
4220	A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
4221	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
4222	The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
4223	Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
4224	`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
4225	Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
4226	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
4227	It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
4228	This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
4229	Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
4230	This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
4231	... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
4232	, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
4233	At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
4234	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
4235	The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
4236	If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
4237	Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
4238	This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
4239	A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
4240	Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
4241	... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
4242	More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
4243	Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
4244	This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
4245	Pray has really done his subject justice .
4246	Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
4247	You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
4248	My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
4249	It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
4250	Brisk hack job .
4251	Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
4252	Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
4253	Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
4254	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
4255	One funny popcorn flick .
4256	Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
4257	Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
4258	Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
4259	Disgusting .
4260	Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
4261	Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
4262	A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
4263	A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
4264	A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .
4265	If you love him , you 'll like it .
4266	Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
4267	The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
4268	On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
4269	Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
4270	All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
4271	Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
4272	` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
4273	Includes too much obvious padding .
4274	The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
4275	An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
4276	It 's that painful .
4277	Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
4278	While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
4279	If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
4280	Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
4281	Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
4282	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
4283	Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
4284	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
4285	Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
4286	What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
4287	Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
4288	That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
4289	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
4290	An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
4291	The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
4292	The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
4293	Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
4294	Wewannour money back , actually .
4295	The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
4296	The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
4297	... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
4298	Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
4299	It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
4300	At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
4301	Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
4302	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
4303	... irritating soul-searching garbage .
4304	This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
4305	The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
4306	A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
4307	In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
4308	It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
4309	Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
4310	Seriously , rent the Disney version .
4311	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
4312	The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
4313	The Ring never lets you off the hook .
4314	Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
4315	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
4316	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
4317	An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
4318	Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
4319	A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
4320	An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
4321	If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
4322	Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
4323	... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
4324	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
4325	... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
4326	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
4327	A charmer from Belgium .
4328	What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
4329	Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
4330	A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
4331	Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
4332	The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
4333	The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
4334	This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
4335	`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
4336	One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
4337	None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
4338	One of the funnier movies in town .
4339	Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
4340	Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
4341	Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
4342	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
4343	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
4344	And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
4345	While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
4346	Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
4347	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
4348	Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
4349	Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
4350	It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
4351	The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
4352	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
4353	With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
4354	Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
4355	While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
4356	Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
4357	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
4358	The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
4359	... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
4360	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
4361	The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
4362	Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
4363	Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
4364	Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
4365	As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
4366	The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
4367	The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
4368	Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
4369	The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
4370	Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
4371	A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
4372	It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
4373	Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
4374	Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
4375	For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
4376	A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
4377	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
4378	Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
4379	Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
4380	Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
4381	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
4382	Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
4383	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
4384	While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
4385	Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
4386	It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
4387	The performances are remarkable .
4388	But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
4389	But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
4390	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
4391	This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
4392	Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
4393	That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
4394	Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
4395	Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
4396	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
4397	Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
4398	This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
4399	Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
4400	Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
4401	But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
4402	I still want my money back .
4403	As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
4404	The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
4405	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
4406	While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
4407	An encouraging effort from McCrudden
4408	Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
4409	The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
4410	From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
4411	... a true delight .
4412	A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
4413	Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
4414	After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
4415	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
4416	... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
4417	Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
4418	The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
4419	It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
4420	In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
4421	The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
4422	The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
4423	A negligible British comedy .
4424	The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
4425	There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
4426	Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
4427	The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
4428	By-the-numbers yarn .
4429	Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
4430	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
4431	Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
4432	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
4433	It is definitely worth seeing .
4434	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
4435	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
4436	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
4437	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
4438	The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
4439	A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
4440	But here 's a movie about it anyway .
4441	The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
4442	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
4443	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
4444	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
4445	Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
4446	And Vin Diesel is the man .
4447	It 's never dull and always looks good .
4448	A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
4449	I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
4450	Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
4451	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
4452	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
4453	Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
4454	The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
4455	The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
4456	Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
4457	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
4458	The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
4459	Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
4460	Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
4461	Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
4462	A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
4463	That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
4464	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
4465	Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
4466	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
4467	Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
4468	Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
4469	An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
4470	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
4471	Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
4472	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
4473	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
4474	The story itself is actually quite vapid .
4475	Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
4476	Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
4477	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
4478	Surprisingly insightful
4479	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
4480	Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
4481	It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
4482	Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
4483	The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
4484	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
4485	Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
4486	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
4487	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
4488	Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
4489	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
4490	Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
4491	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
4492	The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
4493	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
4494	The thing just never gets off the ground .
4495	Manages to delight without much of a story .
4496	A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
4497	Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
4498	A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
4499	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
4500	Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
4501	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
4502	It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
4503	The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
4504	No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
4505	If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
4506	An ambitious ` what if ? '
4507	This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
4508	Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
4509	The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
4510	Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
4511	I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
4512	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
4513	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
4514	Something must have been lost in the translation .
4515	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
4516	You have no affinity for most of the characters .
4517	Idiotic and ugly .
4518	The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
4519	That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
4520	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
4521	Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
4522	Get out your pooper-scoopers .
4523	There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
4524	PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
4525	The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
4526	A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
4527	It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
4528	It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
4529	Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
4530	Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
4531	A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
4532	Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
4533	The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
4534	Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
4535	Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
4536	Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
4537	The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
4538	Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
4539	If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
4540	It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
4541	The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
4542	Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
4543	It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
4544	Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
4545	While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
4546	Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
4547	Reassuring , retro uplifter .
4548	Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
4549	Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
4550	You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
4551	Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
4552	Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
4553	Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
4554	Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
4555	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
4556	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
4557	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
4558	Less than fresh .
4559	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
4560	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
4561	Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
4562	You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
4563	Slap her - she 's not funny !
4564	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
4565	` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
4566	Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
4567	A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
4568	In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
4569	Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
4570	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
4571	As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
4572	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
4573	Something for everyone .
4574	He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
4575	Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
4576	A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
4577	The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
4578	But it 's worth the concentration .
4579	I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
4580	Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
4581	This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
4582	Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
4583	Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
4584	When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
4585	An EXIT sign , that is .
4586	It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
4587	The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .
4588	The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
4589	A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
4590	It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
4591	If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
4592	A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
4593	Amazingly dopey .
4594	It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
4595	But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
4596	Witless and utterly pointless .
4597	A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
4598	A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
4599	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
4600	Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
4601	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
4602	Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
4603	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
4604	Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
4605	Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
4606	Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
4607	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
4608	But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
4609	An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
4610	Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
4611	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
4612	The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
4613	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
4614	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
4615	Highly engaging .
4616	The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
4617	You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
4618	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
4619	Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
4620	Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
4621	So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
4622	An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
4623	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
4624	Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
4625	There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
4626	Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
4627	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
4628	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
4629	`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
4630	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
4631	Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
4632	A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
4633	But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
4634	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
4635	Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
4636	Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
4637	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
4638	It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
4639	Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
4640	An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
4641	It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
4642	A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
4643	Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
4644	This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
4645	Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
4646	A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
4647	One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
4648	It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
4649	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
4650	A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
4651	Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
4652	Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
4653	A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
4654	Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
4655	A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
4656	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
4657	Just send it to Cranky .
4658	A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
4659	A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
4660	A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
4661	Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
4662	Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
4663	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
4664	If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
4665	Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
4666	Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
4667	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
4668	Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
4669	The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
4670	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
4671	Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
4672	A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
4673	A slight but sweet film .
4674	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
4675	Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
4676	There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
4677	Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
4678	The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
4679	A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
4680	Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
4681	It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
4682	A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
4683	Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
4684	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
4685	I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
4686	To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
4687	Nothing about this movie works .
4688	This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
4689	Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
4690	If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
4691	Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
4692	What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
4693	Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
4694	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
4695	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
4696	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
4697	This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
4698	Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
4699	... very funny , very enjoyable ...
4700	... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
4701	It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
4702	Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
4703	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
4704	Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
4705	Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
4706	The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
4707	... a light , yet engrossing piece .
4708	It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
4709	I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
4710	As saccharine as it is disposable .
4711	A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
4712	Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
4713	The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
4714	Well-meant but unoriginal .
4715	It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
4716	A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
4717	Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
4718	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
4719	Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
4720	What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
4721	Best indie of the year , so far .
4722	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
4723	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
4724	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
4725	This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
4726	Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
4727	The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
4728	The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
4729	Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
4730	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .
4731	Stay away .
4732	Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
4733	Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
4734	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
4735	And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
4736	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
4737	This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
4738	That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
4739	Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
4740	A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
4741	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
4742	Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
4743	The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
4744	Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
4745	Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
4746	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
4747	Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
4748	If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.
4749	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
4750	Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
4751	What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
4752	Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
4753	While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
4754	Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
4755	Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
4756	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
4757	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
4758	An intoxicating experience .
4759	By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
4760	A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
4761	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
4762	By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
4763	If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
4764	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
4765	This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
4766	An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
4767	Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
4768	But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
4769	A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
4770	We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
4771	It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
4772	And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
4773	Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
4774	Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
4775	One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
4776	A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
4777	A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
4778	The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
4779	One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
4780	Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
4781	A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
4782	The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
4783	When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
4784	Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
4785	It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
4786	Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
4787	First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
4788	That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
4789	A grating , emaciated flick .
4790	The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
4791	It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
4792	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
4793	One lousy movie .
4794	In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
4795	The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
4796	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
4797	The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
4798	Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
4799	Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
4800	Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
4801	Hate it because it 's lousy .
4802	At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
4803	It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
4804	An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
4805	Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
4806	... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
4807	Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
4808	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
4809	Over and over again .
4810	MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
4811	Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
4812	And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
4813	Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
4814	It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
4815	It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
4816	The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
4817	Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
4818	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
4819	The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
4820	There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
4821	Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
4822	This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
4823	Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
4824	If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
4825	... a solid , unassuming drama .
4826	A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
4827	Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
4828	Insanely hilarious !
4829	Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
4830	The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
4831	But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
4832	A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
4833	Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
4834	Shallow .
4835	If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
4836	Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
4837	A serious movie with serious ideas .
4838	It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
4839	As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
4840	This is a children 's film in the truest sense .
4841	Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
4842	The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
4843	Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
4844	Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
4845	For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
4846	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
4847	The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
4848	Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
4849	Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
4850	Run for your lives !
4851	A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
4852	Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
4853	Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
4854	`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
4855	The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
4856	Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
4857	What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
4858	A perceptive , good-natured movie .
4859	Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
4860	An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
4861	With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
4862	How about surprising us by trying something new ?
4863	Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
4864	Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
4865	A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
4866	Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
4867	A predictable , manipulative stinker .
4868	This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
4869	At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
4870	A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
4871	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
4872	Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
4873	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
4874	For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
4875	`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
4876	Delirious fun .
4877	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
4878	A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
4879	And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
4880	Tends to plod .
4881	An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
4882	A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
4883	Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
4884	Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
4885	From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
4886	A small gem from Belgium .
4887	Cool .
4888	The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
4889	The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
4890	A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
4891	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
4892	If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
4893	ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
4894	... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
4895	A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
4896	A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
4897	Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
4898	No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
4899	... Watching it was painful .
4900	10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
4901	Too much power , not enough puff .
4902	Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
4903	An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
4904	Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
4905	Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
4906	Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
4907	Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
4908	Fairly run-of-the-mill .
4909	Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
4910	`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
4911	Flat , misguided comedy .
4912	The film is all over the place , really .
4913	Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
4914	The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
4915	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
4916	There 's no energy .
4917	The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
4918	One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
4919	Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
4920	It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
4921	One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
4922	` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
4923	As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
4924	The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
4925	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
4926	More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
4927	Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
4928	The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
4929	Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
4930	The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
4931	A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
4932	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
4933	If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
4934	And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
4935	Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
4936	On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
4937	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
4938	If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
4939	These characters become wearisome .
4940	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
4941	Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
4942	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
4943	Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
4944	A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
4945	I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
4946	Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
4947	Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
4948	This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
4949	The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
4950	A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
4951	Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
4952	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
4953	Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
4954	On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
4955	Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
4956	It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
4957	Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
4958	It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
4959	Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
4960	So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
4961	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
4962	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
4963	Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
4964	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
4965	A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
4966	Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
4967	An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
4968	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
4969	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
4970	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
4971	With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
4972	The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
4973	Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
4974	Smart and taut .
4975	It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
4976	Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
4977	While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
4978	The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
4979	It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
4980	Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .
4981	A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
4982	One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
4983	What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
4984	A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
4985	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
4986	Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
4987	Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
4988	After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
4989	What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
4990	A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
4991	A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
4992	Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
4993	Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
4994	Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
4995	Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
4996	These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
4997	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
4998	Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
4999	It 's quite diverting nonsense .
5000	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
5001	Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
5002	Nice piece of work .
5003	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
5004	Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
5005	A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .
5006	Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
5007	... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
5008	Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
5009	In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
5010	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
5011	A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
5012	This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
5013	Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
5014	Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
5015	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
5016	The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
5017	- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
5018	Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
5019	Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
5020	Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
5021	Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
5022	A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
5023	Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
5024	Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
5025	An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
5026	With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
5027	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
5028	With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
5029	But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
5030	Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
5031	Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
5032	What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
5033	A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
5034	Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
5035	Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
5036	Truly terrible .
5037	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
5038	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
5039	Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
5040	This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
5041	This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
5042	It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
5043	Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
5044	But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
5045	Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
5046	What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
5047	An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
5048	Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
5049	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
5050	Obvious .
5051	A fifty car pileup of cliches .
5052	Poignant and funny .
5053	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
5054	The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
5055	But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
5056	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .
5057	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
5058	If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
5059	Especially give credit to Affleck .
5060	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
5061	This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
5062	The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
5063	The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
5064	Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
5065	The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
5066	Never comes together as a coherent whole .
5067	Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
5068	But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
5069	The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
5070	A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
5071	A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
5072	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
5073	Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
5074	Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
5075	It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
5076	Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
5077	I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
5078	Psychologically savvy .
5079	One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
5080	Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
5081	Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
5082	Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
5083	Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
5084	It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
5085	... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
5086	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
5087	A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
5088	An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
5089	Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
5090	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
5091	Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
5092	One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
5093	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
5094	`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
5095	Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
5096	The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
5097	It still feels like a prison stretch .
5098	Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
5099	A moving , if uneven , success .
5100	Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
5101	Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
5102	Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
5103	There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
5104	Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
5105	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
5106	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
5107	Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
5108	This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
5109	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
5110	It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
5111	Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
5112	and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
5113	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
5114	Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
5115	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
5116	Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
5117	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
5118	A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
5119	Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
5120	Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
5121	It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
5122	Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
5123	A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
5124	There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
5125	Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
5126	There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
5127	Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
5128	... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
5129	Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
5130	A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
5131	It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
5132	A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
5133	A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
5134	Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
5135	Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
5136	A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
5137	Technically and artistically inept .
5138	Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
5139	Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
5140	A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
5141	Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
5142	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
5143	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
5144	The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
5145	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
5146	Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
5147	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
5148	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
5149	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
5150	An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
5151	For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
5152	Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
5153	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
5154	This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
5155	... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
5156	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .
5157	It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
5158	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
5159	... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
5160	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
5161	A flawed but engrossing thriller .
5162	Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
5163	Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
5164	The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
5165	An excellent sequel .
5166	Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
5167	A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
5168	A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
5169	The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
5170	The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
5171	The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
5172	`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
5173	The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
5174	A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
5175	Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
5176	Storytelling feels slight .
5177	`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
5178	Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
5179	This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
5180	Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
5181	It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
5182	Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
5183	Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
5184	This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
5185	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
5186	Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
5187	This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
5188	Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
5189	First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
5190	I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
5191	Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
5192	Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
5193	An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
5194	A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
5195	Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
5196	`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
5197	An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
5198	Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
5199	The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
5200	Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
5201	is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
5202	Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
5203	Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
5204	It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
5205	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
5206	The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
5207	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
5208	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
5209	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
5210	An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
5211	It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
5212	The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
5213	Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
5214	A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
5215	The film can depress you about life itself .
5216	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
5217	A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
5218	Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
5219	Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
5220	The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
5221	Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
5222	Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
5223	Consider it ` perfection . '
5224	One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
5225	Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
5226	Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
5227	What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
5228	Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
5229	What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
5230	An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
5231	Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
5232	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
5233	He drags it back , single-handed .
5234	An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
5235	If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
5236	What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
5237	It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
5238	Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
5239	Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
5240	Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
5241	A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
5242	A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
5243	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
5244	` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
5245	Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
5246	Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
5247	No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
5248	It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
5249	As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
5250	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
5251	We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
5252	Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
5253	Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
5254	It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
5255	There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
5256	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
5257	Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
5258	Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
5259	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
5260	Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
5261	Slight but enjoyable documentary .
5262	Yes .
5263	A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
5264	Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
5265	What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
5266	Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
5267	is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
5268	The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
5269	Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
5270	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
5271	Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
5272	Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
5273	This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
5274	Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
5275	The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
5276	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
5277	The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
5278	Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
5279	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
5280	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
5281	If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
5282	You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
5283	A mess .
5284	... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
5285	Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
5286	Even the digressions are funny .
5287	Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
5288	An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
5289	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
5290	At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
5291	An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
5292	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
5293	Woody , what happened ?
5294	A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
5295	Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
5296	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
5297	A film of delicate interpersonal dances .
5298	I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
5299	The gags are often a stitch .
5300	The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
5301	It has plenty of laughs .
5302	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
5303	Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
5304	Formuliac , but fun .
5305	Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
5306	A film that will enthrall the whole family .
5307	Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
5308	Oh , James !
5309	The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
5310	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
5311	Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
5312	Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
5313	This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
5314	Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
5315	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
5316	But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
5317	A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
5318	Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
5319	Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
5320	Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
5321	Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
5322	The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
5323	Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
5324	Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
5325	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
5326	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
5327	But they fascinate in their recklessness .
5328	The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
5329	This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
5330	It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
5331	Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
5332	I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
5333	When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
5334	Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
5335	Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
5336	Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
5337	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
5338	It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
5339	... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
5340	Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
5341	Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
5342	Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
5343	In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
5344	It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
5345	True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
5346	Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
5347	The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
5348	I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
5349	Eight Legged Freaks ?
5350	Is it a comedy ?
5351	A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
5352	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
5353	Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
5354	I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
5355	The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
5356	Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
5357	As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
5358	Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
5359	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
5360	Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
5361	Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
5362	The closest thing to the experience of space travel
5363	This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
5364	We do n't even like their characters .
5365	In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
5366	ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
5367	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
5368	In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
5369	The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
5370	The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
5371	It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
5372	Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
5373	Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
5374	Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
5375	One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
5376	Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
5377	Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
5378	Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
5379	The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
5380	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
5381	A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
5382	And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
5383	Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
5384	I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
5385	An awfully good , achingly human picture .
5386	One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
5387	Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
5388	If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
5389	It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
5390	... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
5391	Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
5392	It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
5393	The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
5394	An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
5395	A smart , compelling drama .
5396	The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
5397	Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
5398	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
5399	Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
5400	Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
5401	No , I hate it .
5402	A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
5403	It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
5404	Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
5405	Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
5406	A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
5407	Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
5408	It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
5409	Thoroughly awful .
5410	None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
5411	I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
5412	The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
5413	But the actors make this worth a peek .
5414	What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
5415	Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
5416	If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
5417	What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
5418	All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
5419	Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
5420	Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
5421	But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
5422	It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
5423	This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
5424	But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
5425	It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
5426	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
5427	High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
5428	Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
5429	It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
5430	It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
5431	He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
5432	Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
5433	Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
5434	An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
5435	... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
5436	For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
5437	Bravado Kathy !
5438	Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
5439	I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
5440	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
5441	Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
5442	Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
5443	Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
5444	A sentimental mess that never rings true .
5445	... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
5446	A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
5447	A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
5448	Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
5449	And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
5450	What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
5451	If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
5452	Everyone 's to blame here .
5453	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
5454	The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
5455	A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
5456	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
5457	We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
5458	The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
5459	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
5460	There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
5461	The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
5462	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
5463	Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
5464	How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
5465	The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
5466	Be patient with the lovely Hush !
5467	A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
5468	Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
5469	Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
5470	A noble failure .
5471	Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
5472	If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
5473	... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
5474	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
5475	Should have gone straight to video .
5476	Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
5477	It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
5478	Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
5479	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
5480	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
5481	A movie of riveting power and sadness .
5482	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
5483	Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
5484	Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
5485	The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
5486	No laughs .
5487	The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
5488	The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
5489	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
5490	Well-made but mush-hearted .
5491	The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
5492	The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
5493	Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
5494	If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
5495	Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
5496	Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
5497	a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
5498	A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
5499	Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
5500	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
5501	The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
5502	The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
5503	If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
5504	Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
5505	The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
5506	Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
5507	The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
5508	The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
5509	The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
5510	Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
5511	Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
5512	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
5513	Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
5514	It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
5515	Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
5516	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
5517	Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
5518	Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
5519	If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .
5520	And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
5521	This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
5522	The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
5523	Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
5524	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
5525	Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
5526	An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
5527	I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
5528	It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
5529	It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
5530	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
5531	He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
5532	Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
5533	No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
5534	There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
5535	Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
5536	Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
5537	I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
5538	A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
5539	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
5540	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
5541	It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
5542	The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
5543	Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
5544	A smart little indie .
5545	Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
5546	Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
5547	A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
5548	It 's just not very smart .
5549	Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
5550	With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
5551	The film is flat .
5552	I liked this film a lot ...
5553	What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
5554	I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
5555	A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
5556	It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
5557	In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
5558	A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
5559	Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
5560	Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
5561	A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
5562	One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
5563	The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
5564	Does n't add up to much .
5565	... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
5566	Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
5567	The best film of the year 2002 .
5568	I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
5569	Stress ` dumb . '
5570	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
5571	for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
5572	It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
5573	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
5574	A small movie with a big impact .
5575	Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
5576	No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
5577	Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
5578	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
5579	The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
5580	Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
5581	Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
5582	A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
5583	Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
5584	Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
5585	Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
5586	The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
5587	In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
5588	Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
5589	Just dreadful .
5590	Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
5591	Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
5592	Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
5593	The movie is a mess from start to finish .
5594	A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
5595	What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
5596	Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
5597	I loved this film .
5598	We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
5599	As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
5600	While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
5601	Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
5602	Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
5603	Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
5604	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
5605	A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
5606	... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
5607	... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
5608	During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
5609	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
5610	Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
5611	This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
5612	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
5613	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
5614	A well-executed spy-thriller .
5615	Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
5616	Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
5617	Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
5618	Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
5619	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
5620	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
5621	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
5622	Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
5623	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
5624	It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
5625	The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
5626	... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
5627	A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
5628	To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
5629	The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
5630	As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
5631	A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
5632	While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
5633	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
5634	The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
5635	Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
5636	It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
5637	If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
5638	Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
5639	This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
5640	Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
5641	By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
5642	Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
5643	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
5644	Amazing !
5645	Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
5646	A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
5647	Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
5648	Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
5649	There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
5650	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
5651	Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
5652	See it for his performance if nothing else .
5653	` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
5654	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
5655	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
5656	Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
5657	It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
5658	This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
5659	A ragbag of cliches .
5660	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
5661	The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
5662	The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
5663	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
5664	The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
5665	Lawrence should stick to his day job .
5666	If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
5667	Yes , soar .
5668	A faster paced family flick .
5669	The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
5670	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
5671	... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
5672	By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
5673	Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
5674	The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
5675	Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
5676	More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
5677	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
5678	Pretty good little movie .
5679	Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
5680	After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
5681	At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
5682	Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
5683	I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
5684	Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
5685	Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
5686	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
5687	Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
5688	A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
5689	You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
5690	One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
5691	A high-minded snoozer .
5692	One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
5693	- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
5694	Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
5695	The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
5696	Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
5697	Strange it is , but delightfully so .
5698	Upper Teens may get cynical .
5699	A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
5700	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
5701	Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
5702	Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
5703	director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
5704	The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
5705	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
5706	It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
5707	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
5708	Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
5709	By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
5710	Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
5711	Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
5712	This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
5713	Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
5714	We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
5715	You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
5716	It is quite a vision .
5717	Dramatically lackluster .
5718	It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
5719	It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
5720	The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
5721	MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
5722	Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
5723	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
5724	Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
5725	Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
5726	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
5727	We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
5728	By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
5729	If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
5730	Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
5731	the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
5732	Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
5733	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
5734	By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
5735	So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
5736	There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
5737	But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
5738	A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
5739	The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
5740	Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
5741	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
5742	If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
5743	Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
5744	A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
5745	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
5746	It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
5747	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .
5748	This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
5749	About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
5750	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
5751	A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
5752	Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
5753	Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
5754	Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
5755	It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
5756	It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
5757	There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
5758	Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
5759	An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
5760	Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
5761	Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
5762	A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
5763	Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
5764	Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
5765	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
5766	More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
5767	Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
5768	It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
5769	Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
5770	Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
5771	Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
5772	While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
5773	What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
5774	The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
5775	The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
5776	Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
5777	Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
5778	One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
5779	But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
5780	Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
5781	They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
5782	An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
5783	Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
5784	Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
5785	A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
5786	Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
5787	The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
5788	The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
5789	Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
5790	See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
5791	Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
5792	A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
5793	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
5794	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
5795	I simply ca n't recommend it enough .
5796	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
5797	This film biggest problem ?
5798	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
5799	The chocolate factory without Charlie .
5800	Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
5801	Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
5802	... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
5803	Amazingly lame .
5804	The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
5805	Two hours of junk .
5806	The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
5807	There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
5808	I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
5809	It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
5810	The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
5811	In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
5812	Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
5813	A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
5814	Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
5815	Familiar but utterly delightful .
5816	One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
5817	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
5818	In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
5819	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
5820	A lame comedy .
5821	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
5822	More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
5823	The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
5824	Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
5825	I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
5826	The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
5827	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
5828	Uplifting , funny and wise .
5829	It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
5830	The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
5831	The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
5832	While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
5833	It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
5834	As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
5835	If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
5836	But it does n't leave you with much .
5837	Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
5838	It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
5839	The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
5840	A moving picture that does not move .
5841	The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
5842	The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
5843	Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
5844	Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
5845	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
5846	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
5847	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
5848	Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
5849	It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
5850	... really horrible drek .
5851	Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
5852	Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
5853	Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
5854	The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
5855	It 's funny .
5856	It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
5857	Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
5858	Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
5859	A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
5860	Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
5861	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
5862	About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
5863	Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
5864	The film is one of the year 's best .
5865	A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
5866	The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
5867	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
5868	But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
5869	This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
5870	A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
5871	Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
5872	The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
5873	Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
5874	Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
5875	This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
5876	The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
5877	Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
5878	The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
5879	Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
5880	There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
5881	It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
5882	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
5883	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
5884	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
5885	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
5886	All three women deliver remarkable performances .
5887	A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
5888	What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
5889	Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
5890	The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
5891	Go back to sleep .
5892	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
5893	For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
5894	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
5895	Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
5896	Poetic , heartbreaking .
5897	It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
5898	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
5899	Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
5900	This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
5901	A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
5902	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
5903	Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
5904	I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
5905	This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
5906	What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
5907	It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
5908	If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
5909	Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
5910	If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .
5911	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
5912	A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
5913	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
5914	Very stupid and annoying .
5915	No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
5916	He fails .
5917	Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
5918	The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
5919	Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
5920	While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
5921	An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
5922	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
5923	Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
5924	A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
5925	This thing is just garbage .
5926	Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
5927	I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
5928	A muted freak-out
5929	A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
5930	A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
5931	... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
5932	Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
5933	An extraordinary dramatic experience .
5934	But what is missing from it all is a moral .
5935	For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
5936	Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
5937	Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
5938	I like this movie a lot .
5939	Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
5940	It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
5941	Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
5942	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
5943	As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
5944	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
5945	What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
5946	Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
5947	Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
5948	The movie is ingenious fun .
5949	In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
5950	A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
5951	Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
5952	Polished , well-structured film .
5953	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
5954	It sucked .
5955	Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
5956	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
5957	The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
5958	It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
5959	... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
5960	Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
5961	Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
5962	At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
5963	A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
5964	Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
5965	Feeble comedy .
5966	Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
5967	A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
5968	Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
5969	After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
5970	Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
5971	the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
5972	None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
5973	The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
5974	This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
5975	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
5976	One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
5977	But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
5978	Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
5979	When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
5980	Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
5981	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
5982	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
5983	Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
5984	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
5985	It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
5986	What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
5987	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
5988	But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
5989	The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
5990	What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
5991	It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
5992	Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
5993	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
5994	A wonderful , ghastly film .
5995	Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
5996	It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
5997	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
5998	Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
5999	Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
6000	that works .
6001	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
6002	A bit too eager to please .
6003	The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
6004	Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
6005	Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
6006	The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
6007	The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
6008	An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
6009	This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
6010	Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
6011	The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
6012	The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
6013	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
6014	Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
6015	The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
6016	A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
6017	Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
6018	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
6019	A captivating new film .
6020	I love the robust middle of this picture .
6021	A true-blue delight .
6022	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
6023	If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
6024	The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
6025	I ca n't recommend it .
6026	A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
6027	This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
6028	The all-French cast is marveilleux .
6029	One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
6030	A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
6031	While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
6032	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
6033	The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
6034	The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
6035	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
6036	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
6037	The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
6038	The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
6039	The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
6040	Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
6041	Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
6042	The crap continues .
6043	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
6044	Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
6045	Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
6046	Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
6047	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
6048	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
6049	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
6050	imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
6051	... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
6052	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
6053	Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
6054	The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
6055	So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
6056	Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
6057	Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
6058	I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
6059	A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
6060	To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
6061	Leaks treacle from every pore .
6062	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
6063	While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
6064	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
6065	It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
6066	Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
6067	Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
6068	Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
6069	When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
6070	As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
6071	It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
6072	A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
6073	Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
6074	... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
6075	A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
6076	Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
6077	By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
6078	Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
6079	Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
6080	You could hate it for the same reason .
6081	And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
6082	The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
6083	A funny film .
6084	Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
6085	This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
6086	A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
6087	It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
6088	More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
6089	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
6090	Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
6091	A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
6092	What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
6093	Exhilarating , funny and fun .
6094	Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
6095	Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
6096	Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
6097	Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
6098	A cockeyed shot all the way .
6099	It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
6100	It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
6101	There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
6102	I loved the look of this film .
6103	And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
6104	Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
6105	Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
6106	See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
6107	An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
6108	Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
6109	Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
6110	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
6111	It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
6112	So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
6113	Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
6114	The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
6115	A cartoon ?
6116	In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
6117	Stale , futile scenario .
6118	Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
6119	Remember it .
6120	A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
6121	This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
6122	... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
6123	Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
6124	For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
6125	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
6126	It 's uninteresting .
6127	Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
6128	Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
6129	... hokey art house pretension .
6130	Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
6131	In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
6132	Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
6133	Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
6134	... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
6135	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
6136	One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
6137	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
6138	... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
6139	Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
6140	Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
6141	In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
6142	Lurid and less than lucid work .
6143	Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
6144	Great dragons !
6145	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
6146	Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
6147	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
6148	The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
6149	Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
6150	Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
6151	Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
6152	For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
6153	It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
6154	In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
6155	The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
6156	... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
6157	A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
6158	Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
6159	Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
6160	It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
6161	Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
6162	Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
6163	` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
6164	The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
6165	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
6166	Thumbs down .
6167	Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
6168	What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
6169	Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
6170	I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
6171	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
6172	A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
6173	Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
6174	A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
6175	Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
6176	With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
6177	... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
6178	... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
6179	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
6180	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
6181	A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
6182	It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
6183	Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
6184	Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
6185	No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
6186	Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
6187	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
6188	Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
6189	Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
6190	Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
6191	As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
6192	Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .
6193	Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
6194	A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
6195	A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
6196	Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
6197	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
6198	... quite endearing .
6199	It 's that good .
6200	The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
6201	This story still seems timely and important .
6202	A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
6203	The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
6204	as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
6205	Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
6206	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
6207	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
6208	This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
6209	Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
6210	It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
6211	The story has little wit and no surprises .
6212	An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
6213	I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
6214	... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
6215	Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
6216	An absurdist spider web .
6217	Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
6218	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
6219	Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
6220	The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
6221	Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
6222	The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
6223	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
6224	A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
6225	About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
6226	Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
6227	The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
6228	You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
6229	This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
6230	A timid , soggy near miss .
6231	The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
6232	Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
6233	The actors are fantastic .
6234	Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
6235	I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
6236	It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
6237	Its sheer dynamism is infectious .
6238	Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
6239	The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
6240	A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
6241	His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
6242	... a bland , pretentious mess .
6243	Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
6244	A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
6245	It 's a very valuable film ...
6246	There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
6247	A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
6248	Simplistic , silly and tedious .
6249	Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
6250	Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
6251	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
6252	Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
6253	The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
6254	Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
6255	Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
6256	Their work is fantastic .
6257	Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
6258	Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
6259	How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
6260	The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
6261	It 's not original enough .
6262	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
6263	Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
6264	His work with actors is particularly impressive .
6265	What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
6266	A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
6267	Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
6268	A marvel of production design .
6269	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
6270	Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
6271	Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
6272	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
6273	Why ?
6274	TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
6275	Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
6276	This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
6277	Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
6278	Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
6279	It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
6280	Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
6281	Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
6282	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
6283	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
6284	Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
6285	There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
6286	A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
6287	The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
6288	A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
6289	Surprisingly powerful and universal .
6290	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
6291	Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
6292	With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
6293	In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
6294	Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
6295	Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
6296	Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
6297	Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
6298	A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
6299	The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
6300	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
6301	` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
6302	No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
6303	Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
6304	Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
6305	You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
6306	A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
6307	The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
6308	What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
6309	The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
6310	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
6311	Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
6312	The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
6313	Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
6314	Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
6315	This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
6316	The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
6317	If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
6318	The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
6319	Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
6320	It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
6321	A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
6322	Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
6323	These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
6324	One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
6325	In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
6326	` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
6327	Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
6328	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
6329	The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
6330	A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
6331	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
6332	This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
6333	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
6334	Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
6335	An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
6336	Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
6337	In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
6338	Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
6339	The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
6340	Norton is magnetic as Graham .
6341	Jackson is always watchable .
6342	It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
6343	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
6344	The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
6345	A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
6346	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
6347	Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
6348	Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
6349	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
6350	Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
6351	Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
6352	Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
6353	The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
6354	E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
6355	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
6356	A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
6357	... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
6358	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
6359	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
6360	The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
6361	If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
6362	A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
6363	The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
6364	The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
6365	Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
6366	This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
6367	A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
6368	It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
6369	The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
6370	An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
6371	Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
6372	In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
6373	If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
6374	Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
6375	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
6376	But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
6377	Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
6378	Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
6379	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
6380	A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
6381	The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
6382	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
6383	lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
6384	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
6385	Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
6386	That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
6387	Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
6388	Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
6389	Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
6390	A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
6391	Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
6392	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
6393	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
6394	There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
6395	On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
6396	It does n't work as either .
6397	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
6398	Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
6399	He 's not good with people .
6400	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
6401	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
6402	Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
6403	... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
6404	But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
6405	` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
6406	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
6407	A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
6408	It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
6409	This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
6410	Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
6411	It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
6412	The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
6413	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
6414	Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
6415	Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
6416	That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
6417	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
6418	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
6419	Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
6420	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
6421	It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
6422	The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
6423	The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
6424	Too bad none of it is funny .
6425	He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
6426	Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
6427	So could young romantics out on a date .
6428	Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
6429	A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
6430	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
6431	Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
6432	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
6433	Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
6434	Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
6435	Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
6436	The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
6437	It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
6438	Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
6439	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
6440	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
6441	The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
6442	Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
6443	The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
6444	Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
6445	A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
6446	In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
6447	It 's Splash without the jokes .
6448	A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
6449	Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
6450	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
6451	For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
6452	Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
6453	Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
6454	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
6455	The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
6456	Changing Lanes tries for more .
6457	Works as pretty contagious fun .
6458	It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
6459	It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
6460	This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
6461	Frank Capra played this story straight .
6462	You live the mood rather than savour the story .
6463	In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
6464	But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
6465	A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
6466	Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
6467	Sly , sophisticated and surprising .
6468	Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
6469	` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
6470	The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
6471	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
6472	Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
6473	I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
6474	Consistently clever and suspenseful .
6475	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
6476	More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
6477	It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
6478	It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
6479	Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
6480	Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
6481	... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
6482	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
6483	When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
6484	This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
6485	By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
6486	The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
6487	Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
6488	This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
6489	Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
6490	As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
6491	A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
6492	A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
6493	Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
6494	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
6495	If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
6496	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
6497	There 's no good answer to that one .
6498	So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
6499	The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
6500	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
6501	It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
6502	What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
6503	Generic thriller junk .
6504	An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
6505	Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
6506	For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
6507	Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
6508	Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
6509	David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
6510	` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
6511	One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
6512	It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
6513	The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
6514	The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
6515	It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
6516	A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
6517	Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
6518	The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
6519	What an embarrassment .
6520	Spiderman ROCKS
6521	This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
6522	It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
6523	The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
6524	The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
6525	Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
6526	It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
6527	overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
6528	It 's better than The Phantom Menace .
6529	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
6530	Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
6531	The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
6532	The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
6533	It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
6534	This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
6535	Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
6536	A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
6537	A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
6538	Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
6539	Enticing and often funny documentary .
6540	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
6541	A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
6542	The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
6543	It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
6544	This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
6545	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
6546	How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
6547	Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
6548	Woefully pretentious .
6549	I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
6550	Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
6551	The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
6552	If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
6553	Fun and nimble .
6554	It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
6555	This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
6556	Nothing too deep or substantial .
6557	tokens
6558	An important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
6559	Another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
6560	It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
6561	A string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
6562	In a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
6563	It has the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .
6564	For movie lovers as well as opera lovers , Tosca is a real treat .
6565	It 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
6566	You really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
6567	The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
6568	MacDowell , whose wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
6569	Jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
6570	Feature debuter D.J. Caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
6571	On this tricky topic , Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
6572	An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , Minority Report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
6573	Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
6574	Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
6575	Add yet another hat to a talented head , Clooney 's a good director .
6576	Will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
6577	A study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
6578	The best film about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams .
6579	It 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
6580	I just loved every minute of this film .
6581	Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
6582	It 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
6583	Uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
6584	Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
6585	For each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
6586	An unwise amalgam of Broadcast News and Vibes .
6587	Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes , Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
6588	In the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .
6589	The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .
6590	The vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
6591	Davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
6592	As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
6593	Blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
6594	Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .
6595	An operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
6596	There are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
6597	Too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
6598	McConaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
6599	Having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
6600	Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
6601	Even in its most tedious scenes , Russian Ark is mesmerizing .
6602	The old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
6603	This film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
6604	This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
6605	There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked .
6606	The film makes a fatal mistake : It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
6607	A good piece of work more often than not .
6608	... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know .
6609	Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
6610	It offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
6611	The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
6612	The piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
6613	This one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
6614	A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
6615	For the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
6616	The primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
6617	Highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
6618	Late Marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet .
6619	It 's slow -- very , very slow .
6620	A rarity among recent Iranian films : It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
6621	Less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
6622	It 's fun lite .
6623	You do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
6624	A coarse and stupid gross-out .
6625	Against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
6626	Like Mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
6627	Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation .
6628	It 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
6629	It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
6630	This is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
6631	A celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
6632	Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
6633	Despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
6634	The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
6635	The Cold Turkey would 've been a far better title .
6636	Woody Allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
6637	Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
6638	One of the smartest takes on singles culture I 've seen in a long time .
6639	if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
6640	Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
6641	It treats women like idiots .
6642	A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
6643	A disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
6644	Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .
6645	It will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way .
6646	The film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
6647	A marvel like none you 've seen .
6648	And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
6649	It 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
6650	One of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
6651	... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
6652	Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
6653	A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
6654	It provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
6655	A superbly acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
6656	This tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country .
6657	Drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
6658	It has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
6659	Utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
6660	The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
6661	I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .
6662	With the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .
6663	The film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
6664	It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
6665	Big Fat Waste of Time .
6666	This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
6667	A working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
6668	Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
6669	Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
6670	Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
6671	Hilariously inept and ridiculous .
6672	Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
6673	Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
6674	Bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
6675	Passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
6676	Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
6677	I 'm just too bored to care .
6678	A bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
6679	More whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
6680	Neither Parker nor Donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
6681	This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .
6682	Makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
6683	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
6684	It just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
6685	The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
6686	By getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
6687	A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
6688	Corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
6689	A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
6690	There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
6691	No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .
6692	However it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
6693	The format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
6694	An absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
6695	A tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
6696	Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
6697	Directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
6698	Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk .
6699	A literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
6700	A solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
6701	Bad .
6702	Good film , but very glum .
6703	If you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
6704	Exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
6705	Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
6706	... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
6707	Old-form moviemaking at its best .
6708	Entertains by providing good , lively company .
6709	It 's a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi .
6710	Rare Birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
6711	People cinema at its finest .
6712	There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
6713	No aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
6714	A movie with a real anarchic flair .
6715	... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause .
6716	Manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
6717	With tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , Miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
6718	a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
6719	I 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
6720	For the first time in years , De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
6721	Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
6722	My reaction in a word : disappointment .
6723	With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
6724	Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn , neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
6725	Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
6726	A grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
6727	Minority Report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
6728	Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
6729	The words , ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
6730	Director Uwe Boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
6731	Huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
6732	Michael Gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
6733	A coda in every sense , The Pinochet Case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the British court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .
6734	The movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
6735	A warm , funny , engaging film .
6736	Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
6737	Ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
6738	Oh come on .
6739	Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
6740	... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
6741	Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : David Jacobson 's Dahmer .
6742	Altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
6743	The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
6744	Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot .
6745	Travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
6746	Manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
6747	This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
6748	It 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .
6749	It 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
6750	A lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures .
6751	`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
6752	As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game , I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
6753	Generally , Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
6754	It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie .
6755	It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
6756	The problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
6757	So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
6758	A tender , heartfelt family drama .
6759	This movie seems to have been written using Mad-libs .
6760	The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
6761	It 's one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them .
6762	But taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck .
6763	Do not see this film .
6764	No one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through The Master of Disguise .
6765	... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
6766	But it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
6767	Ramsay , as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
6768	This movie is maddening .
6769	Affleck and Jackson are good sparring partners .
6770	Immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop DJs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
6771	There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .
6772	The Man From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
6773	Portentous and pretentious , The Weight of Water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
6774	it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
6775	Almost gags on its own gore .
6776	With Rabbit-Proof Fence , Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
6777	My thoughts were focused on the characters .
6778	I do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
6779	Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
6780	To say this was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
6781	... with `` The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
6782	May reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
6783	On the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
6784	Despite its title , Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed .
6785	Looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
6786	While the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
6787	... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young Gaghan 's resume .
6788	Not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books .
6789	But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
6790	Chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
6791	One of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
6792	At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
6793	The title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
6794	` De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
6795	A sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
6796	Cool ?
6797	If you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
6798	Plays like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion spread .
6799	A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not .
6800	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
6801	Indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
6802	The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
6803	As ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
6804	The script kicks in , and Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
6805	Or emptying rat traps .
6806	Griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
6807	Few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
6808	Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
6809	Seldahl 's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
6810	Rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
6811	As unseemly as its title suggests .
6812	At the very least , if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .
6813	Thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
6814	It has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
6815	Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .
6816	An artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
6817	A gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
6818	Nine Queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
6819	Uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
6820	A wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
6821	The film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
6822	Comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of The Bicycle Thief .
6823	It confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
6824	Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '
6825	a quiet , pure , elliptical film
6826	There 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
6827	It 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
6828	Movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
6829	About a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
6830	Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
6831	A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
6832	Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .
6833	A gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
6834	Hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
6835	There is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
6836	Scooby Dooby Doo \/ And Shaggy too \/ You both look and sound great .
6837	It 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
6838	Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .
6839	The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
6840	K-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .
6841	It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
6842	It 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .
6843	It gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
6844	An entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
6845	Based on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
6846	Allows us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
6847	Aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
6848	Binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
6849	Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
6850	The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
6851	I thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .
6852	The movie , directed by Mick Jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
6853	As the two leads , Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
6854	It 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
6855	What distinguishes Time of Favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
6856	The volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance .
6857	Intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .
6858	The entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
6859	Despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
6860	Samira Makhmalbaf 's new film Blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
6861	Stealing Harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
6862	It 's just filler .
6863	Collateral Damage finally delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans .
6864	It proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
6865	It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
6866	Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
6867	One from the heart .
6868	Leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
6869	Thanks to Scott 's charismatic Roger and Eisenberg 's sweet nephew , Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .
6870	... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
6871	The second coming of Harry Potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
6872	My Wife Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own Hollywood remake .
6873	The story and structure are well-honed .
6874	Something like scrubbing the toilet .
6875	A rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
6876	Not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
6877	Detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
6878	But it could have been worse .
6879	This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
6880	The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
6881	Too slow , too long and too little happens .
6882	For the most part Stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
6883	Has a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best .
6884	A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
6885	Fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
6886	Not exactly the Bees Knees
6887	The film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine
6888	For all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
6889	If the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of God , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
6890	Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
6891	The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
6892	Is the time really ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
6893	Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
6894	Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
6895	It 's a beautiful madness .
6896	But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
6897	It 's a buggy drag .
6898	This is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
6899	Enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
6900	There is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
6901	Characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs .
6902	Charles ' entertaining film chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic Adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
6903	Despite the 2-D animation , The Wild Thornberrys Movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
6904	... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
6905	The result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died .
6906	Delivers the same old same old , tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .
6907	There is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
6908	What better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
6909	While its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
6910	All the amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
6911	Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks .
6912	The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
6913	What 's surprising about Full Frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
6914	Some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
6915	Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
6916	It has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
6917	Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy .
6918	This is so bad .
6919	Manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
6920	The best that can be said about the work here of Scottish director Ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
6921	Too much of the humor falls flat .
6922	Not only is Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
6923	One of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
6924	It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .
6925	\/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \/ And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
6926	Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
6927	Partway through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
6928	Nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
6929	Too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
6930	Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
6931	The story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
6932	A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana .
6933	One long string of cliches .
6934	Preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
6935	A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
6936	Very bad .
6937	Director Andrew Niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
6938	It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
6939	Burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
6940	Morton uses her face and her body language to bring us Morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
6941	comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class .
6942	Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch Some Body first .
6943	Not since Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa 's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
6944	Sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
6945	When the film ended , I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
6946	The only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
6947	From the opening scenes , it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
6948	No way I can believe this load of junk .
6949	It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
6950	The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
6951	This surreal Gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes .
6952	Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your DVD player will do it for you .
6953	A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
6954	The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
6955	Slick piece of cross-promotion .
6956	Unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most Hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .
6957	Sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
6958	Smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
6959	The jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
6960	It made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
6961	So , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's New Delhi .
6962	Dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
6963	A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan .
6964	The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
6965	Jose Campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
6966	The inspirational screenplay by Mike Rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
6967	It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
6968	Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , Beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video .
6969	We have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !
6970	Miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
6971	I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
6972	... the movie is just a plain old monster .
6973	A movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .
6974	Forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
6975	It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
6976	Birthday Girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
6977	Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
6978	Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
6979	The movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
6980	And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
6981	Tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
6982	Every time you look , Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
6983	And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
6984	What is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
6985	It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
6986	Feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
6987	Sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos .
6988	Not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
6989	The movie is n't just hilarious : It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
6990	Far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features Nickelodeon has made from its other animated TV series .
6991	It deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
6992	It 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
6993	Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
6994	That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller .
6995	Instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
6996	It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
6997	Trademark American triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
6998	A poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
6999	Works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
7000	Good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences .
7001	Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .
7002	It ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
7003	This movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
7004	I am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
7005	Well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
7006	Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .
7007	just not campy enough
7008	Bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
7009	Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
7010	It takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
7011	The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions .
7012	A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
7013	The terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
7014	A swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
7015	Further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya 's Axis of Evil .
7016	Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
7017	At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
7018	Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .
7019	Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
7020	LaPaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
7021	A better title , for all concerned , might be Swept Under the Rug .
7022	It all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
7023	A fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star , Frankie Muniz .
7024	Manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
7025	If Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
7026	Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
7027	American Chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize .
7028	Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
7029	An infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
7030	The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
7031	You will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
7032	Harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
7033	It does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem .
7034	This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
7035	It 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
7036	It 's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake .
7037	Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
7038	Just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
7039	Reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
7040	Mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
7041	As vulgar as it is banal .
7042	Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .
7043	Feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
7044	It appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
7045	Does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
7046	In an effort , I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
7047	One of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
7048	Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
7049	A full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
7050	A synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
7051	If looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this Imposter .
7052	An occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
7053	... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno .
7054	It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
7055	Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
7056	It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
7057	A breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
7058	CQ 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors .
7059	We know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
7060	The Son 's Room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
7061	For anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of Hell Houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .
7062	Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
7063	The character of ZigZag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
7064	You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
7065	In its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .
7066	Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
7067	His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
7068	Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
7069	This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
7070	There seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .
7071	Sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
7072	The film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
7073	If you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
7074	A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda .
7075	Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
7076	More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
7077	A romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
7078	Because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
7079	For starters , the story is just too slim .
7080	The movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
7081	Not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
7082	The best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
7083	This is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
7084	The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
7085	In the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
7086	For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal .
7087	Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
7088	May be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
7089	There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
7090	True tale of courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
7091	It 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
7092	There 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
7093	Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with .
7094	does paint some memorable images ... , but Makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
7095	Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ?
7096	An intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
7097	The weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
7098	A woman 's pic directed with resonance by Ilya Chaiken .
7099	It haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
7100	when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
7101	The special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
7102	Trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
7103	Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez .
7104	Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , Far From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
7105	The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .
7106	Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
7107	Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
7108	Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
7109	One of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .
7110	A deep and meaningful film .
7111	The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .
7112	Serving Sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
7113	It 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
7114	Just one bad idea after another .
7115	That 's pure PR hype .
7116	It inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
7117	Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
7118	Holden Caulfield did it better .
7119	Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
7120	A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
7121	Falls neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun .
7122	It 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
7123	It all adds up to good fun .
7124	While Undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
7125	Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
7126	Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
7127	It 's a charming and often affecting journey .
7128	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .
7129	Brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
7130	The end result is a film that 's neither .
7131	The film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
7132	Velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene .
7133	The film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
7134	Reign of Fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
7135	A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
7136	While locals will get a kick out of spotting Cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .
7137	Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
7138	There 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl .
7139	A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners : Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
7140	That 's a cheat .
7141	Moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
7142	It 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
7143	In execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .
7144	The very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .
7145	The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
7146	Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
7147	Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
7148	What was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
7149	The movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
7150	Although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
7151	That dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
7152	First-time writer-director Serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
7153	You wo n't like Roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
7154	A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
7155	The film 's performances are thrilling .
7156	Building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
7157	Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , Miller 's hand often feels unsure .
7158	Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
7159	The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
7160	His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .
7161	Pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R. Abrams , in their feature debut .
7162	Adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
7163	I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
7164	For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
7165	For all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
7166	A strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
7167	It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now I ca n't wait for the sequel .
7168	If you believe any of this , I can make you a real deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday .
7169	No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
7170	There 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
7171	Broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
7172	Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , `` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
7173	Should have been someone else -
7174	And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
7175	So refreshingly incisive is Grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor .
7176	A gorgeous , high-spirited musical from India that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
7177	Still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
7178	The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
7179	A painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
7180	But it still jingles in the pocket .
7181	It 's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
7182	... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .
7183	So unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
7184	All-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
7185	So much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
7186	It 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
7187	Seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
7188	It 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
7189	Zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
7190	I had to look away - this was god awful .
7191	Its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
7192	The structure the film takes may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned .
7193	Funny but perilously slight .
7194	Light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection .
7195	On the heels of The Ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
7196	It 's not that Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation .
7197	... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
7198	My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
7199	A beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney .
7200	A poignant and compelling story about relationships , Food of Love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
7201	Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
7202	It moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness -- of its premise .
7203	Turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
7204	A must-see for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
7205	Liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image .
7206	Attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
7207	Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
7208	With its dogged Hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , Windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
7209	A valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the NBA .
7210	Fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
7211	A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
7212	The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
7213	The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on Imax it seems better , not just bigger .
7214	Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
7215	The mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
7216	Filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
7217	Holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
7218	Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
7219	A smart , witty follow-up .
7220	A giggle a minute .
7221	As a first-time director , Paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .
7222	This piece of Channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
7223	The director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
7224	... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
7225	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
7226	Though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
7227	Overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
7228	In all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
7229	At once half-baked and overheated .
7230	What the director ca n't do is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .
7231	Lovely and poignant .
7232	Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
7233	It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
7234	This illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
7235	Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
7236	It showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .
7237	Scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
7238	` Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
7239	A solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
7240	Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
7241	Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
7242	If you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
7243	There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris .
7244	Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
7245	Fancy a real downer ?
7246	The sort of film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
7247	Yakusho and Shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
7248	A delightful coming-of-age story .
7249	A big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
7250	The film is powerful , accessible and funny .
7251	A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
7252	Excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
7253	Has all the depth of a wading pool .
7254	The lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
7255	There 's enough melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera to make PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television .
7256	For the most part , director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
7257	It 's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other .
7258	Moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
7259	If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
7260	Majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
7261	One of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
7262	Prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this English trifle .
7263	Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... The Isle defies an easy categorization .
7264	For close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
7265	A warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
7266	Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
7267	A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
7268	Part low rent Godfather .
7269	Not really bad so much as distasteful : We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
7270	An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
7271	One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
7272	Like Leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
7273	The most compelling Wiseman epic of recent years .
7274	Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
7275	Slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
7276	The subtle strength of `` Elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
7277	Though Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
7278	Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .
7279	This flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
7280	The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
7281	Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
7282	Candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
7283	All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
7284	Though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
7285	It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .
7286	The Chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks .
7287	Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
7288	Without ever becoming didactic , director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
7289	At times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
7290	It 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
7291	Coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
7292	While there 's something intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
7293	Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
7294	To call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
7295	An overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
7296	It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
7297	It 's also , clearly , great fun .
7298	So unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '
7299	The far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
7300	Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
7301	Beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
7302	Unflinchingly bleak and desperate
7303	... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
7304	Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
7305	Escaping the studio , Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
7306	There 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
7307	The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
7308	The movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
7309	It 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
7310	If there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
7311	It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
7312	There 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
7313	It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
7314	It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
7315	Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
7316	I 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
7317	It 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
7318	The piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
7319	This is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
7320	The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
7321	Another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
7322	If your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
7323	A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
7324	Confirms the nagging suspicion that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
7325	Corpus Collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
7326	Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
7327	A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
7328	... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
7329	The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
7330	You wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
7331	A sometimes tedious film .
7332	Overall the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
7333	A hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the Mason-Dixon line .
7334	Yes , dull .
7335	Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
7336	A densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work .
7337	This is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away .
7338	Verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
7339	Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
7340	The overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .
7341	Nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun .
7342	There has always been something likable about the Marquis de Sade .
7343	It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .
7344	Once the 50 year old Benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
7345	Whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
7346	It 's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .
7347	A great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
7348	If you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
7349	Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
7350	If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change .
7351	I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .
7352	While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
7353	In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
7354	Kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
7355	Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
7356	The performances take the movie to a higher level .
7357	`` Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
7358	Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
7359	A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original .
7360	This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
7361	Zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
7362	The fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural French school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
7363	His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
7364	Atom Egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
7365	Teen movies have really hit the skids .
7366	It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and Shiner , starring Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .
7367	And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
7368	This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
7369	As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
7370	A difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
7371	At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
7372	A fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
7373	I do n't think I laughed out loud once .
7374	What the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
7375	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is a jolly surprise .
7376	At its best , Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
7377	They should have called it Gutterball .
7378	No sophomore slump for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
7379	An exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
7380	It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .
7381	The X potion gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
7382	It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
